2 - The Power of Humor in Marketer-generated Content on Social Media Zhiqiang Li, Zhongnan University of Economics and Law, Wuhan, China Yaxuan Ran Against the backdrop of the prevalence of social media, brands are increasingly relying on it as a channel for marketing communication. Brands frequently express themselves or promote their products by posting texts and images online, defined as marketer-generated content (MGC), that contain humor to drive customer engagement. Despite an extensive literature on how humor feature impacts firm-customer interactions, far less is known about its divergent effects on customer behaviors. This research classifies humorous MGC into two types: warmth-oriented humor contents (WHC) and competence-oriented humor contents (CHC). We draw on benign violation theory and stereotype content model to capture two distinct mechanisms of the differential effects. Based on an unstructured field data of MGC from Facebook, the current research used natural language processing and machine learning techniques to construct metrics of the two kinds of humor contents. Results reveal that WHC receives more customers’ positive attitude (i.e., likes and shares), whereas CHC leads to higher customers’ purchase intention inferred from the comments. A field study on a real social media platform in China (i.e., Weibo) provide further evidence to demonstrate causal relationships of the main effect. Two experiments further suggest that perceived closeness drives the effect of WHC  on customers’ positive attitude, while perceived persuasion is the key force that explain the effect of CHC on purchase intention. Collectively, these results highlight the mixed roles of humor use in MGC and facilitate existing knowledge of relationships between customers’ positive attitude and purchase intentions in social media. Although the attribute of humor has a positive impact, content engineering on humor styles would drive consumers’ path to conversion (virality to purchase). Separately, the methodology we apply helps extract marketing-relevant insights in unstructured data on social media. 