3 - Leveraging Thick Descriptions to Customize Bundles for Experiential Goods: An Application to Performing Arts Subscriptions Gwen (Geun Hae) Ahn, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI Eric Schwartz, Fred M Feinberg Many companies offer curated product bundles with multiple components, like meal kits, wines, sports packages, and arts performances. Customizable bundles allow consumers willing to precommit to a purchase of a minimum size to freely pick their bundle’s component items. While offering flexibility, this imposes a substantial cognitive burden for the consumer, as the space of possible bundles quickly grows prohibitively (e.g., over 2 million possible bundles of five for a 50-item assortment). This burden is exacerbated when the component items are experiential (e.g., theater performances), and not obviously comparable to items from past seasons. To help consumers navigate this complexity, firms need to make  recommendations that balance consumers’ idiosyncratic preferences with their (potential) desire for within-bundle variety, even for items that have never been offered before. Here, we leverage consumers’ choices of customized performing arts bundles to inform a novel model that captures heterogeneous trade-offs between performance attribute preferences and bundle-level variety. Instead of relying exclusively on pre-defined genres (e.g., dance, orchestra, etc.), we use textual analysis of consumer-facing brochure descriptions. This provides attributes (latent topics) enabling utility for “new” performances to be projected into future seasons. These rich attributes in turn allow the construction of a wide range of variety metrics to heterogeneously measure consumers’ marginal value for bundle variety. Such holistic bundle variety measures improve the model’s predictive performance over one that only accounts for a priori performance “genres”, the identification of those consumers who do value bundle variety, as well as enabling superior recommendations individually and across the consumer pool. 