2 - How Valuable is the First Visit to a Merchant in an E-Marketplace Xueli Zhang, National University of Singapore, Singapore Sadat Reza This paper examines the connection between the first visit to a merchant and buying from that merchant in an e-marketplace. Specifically, the empirical study focuses on estimating the value of the first visit to a merchant in such e-marketplaces using a clickstream dataset from an online cashback platform. It is motivated by the observation that the probability of purchasing from a merchant is higher if consumers first visit the merchant when they logged in to  the e-marketplace than they first visit other merchants, which indicates self-selection by the visitors. Thus, the challenge is how to identify the treatment effect of the first visit to a merchant from observational data, given that consumers self-select their visit choices. To mitigate the extent of self-selection, we examine the behaviors of the users who browsed other merchants’ platforms following their visits to the first choice merchants. This way we exclude, to a large extent, those users who pre-determined their merchant choices for purchases. Then, we apply the monotone treatment response and monotone treatment selection arguments to identify the treatment effect bounds of first visit to a merchant for both purchase probabilities and purchase values. Finally, we obtain point estimates of these treatment effects under the unconfoundedness assumption using two methods: generalized random forest and propensity score matching. In general, we find the two sets of point estimates to be consistent with each other with being within the partial identification bounds, barring a few exceptions. Following this, we investigate the relationship of merchants’ market share and cashback rate with the first visit effects. We find that the first visit effect is more pronounced for larger platforms that generate more traffic to the e-marketplace. This research provides rich managerial implications for both merchants and the platform in terms of estimating optimal investments in customer acquisition activities in an e-marketplace. 