2 - How Consumers Respond to the (in) Consistency between Product Ratings and Review Sentiments: A Cross-cultural Study of UGC in the US and China Ning Fu, Assistant Professor, California State University, Northridge, Northridge, CA Qi Wang, Chang Hee Park While various findings have been presented in the literature regarding the impact of consumers’ product reviews, early studies have focused on the explicitly observed characteristics of UGC such as numeric product ratings, the number of replies, and the popularity of reviewers. However, when consumers process product reviews, they not only read numeric ratings but also sense sentiments and emotions expressed in review texts. Accordingly, it is important for firms to understand how consumers’ subsequent decision- making and behavior are jointly influenced by the two unique sources of information conveyed in UGC. Another important question of interest arises as to whether and how the impacts of product reviews would vary depending on consumers’ cultural background. Given the globalization of consumer markets and the growing popularity of online review platforms, consumer reviews for the same product have become increasingly available across different countries. Understanding such cross-cultural differences in consumer responses is essential for firms to effectively manage UGC platforms for consumers’ product reviews across global markets. This research investigates (1) the joint impact of numeric ratings and review sentiments in prior product reviews on consumers’ product evaluations and (2) how this impact varies between individualist and collectivist cultures.  Using data about 115,231 movie reviews collected for 167 American movies released both in the US and China, the authors find that the joint impact of movie ratings and review sentiments varies with the consistency between these two information sources, as well as their valence. Furthermore, their analysis reveals that the joint impact differs between the two cultures. The authors suggest that these findings may arise because consumers’ perception of information credibility varies depending on the information consistency and their cultural background. The findings offer important implications for firms in managing UGC platforms for consumers’ product reviews and social media across global markets. 