2 - Creating A Happy Employee: Impact of AI Adoption in Customer Service Shunyuan Zhang, Harvard Business School, Boston, MA Das Narayandas Companies adopt Artificial Intelligence (AI) to improve the customers-CSAs (customer service agents) interactions. An emerging yet nascent research stream examines the impact of adopting AI on company sales and on customer satisfaction. Yet, the impact of AI on sentiment of the CSA remains unanswered. CSA sentiment plays a critical role in customer support function because 1) frontline CSAs influence customer loyalty, and 2) improved sentiment can reduce the employee turnover, which has big implications for any company. In particular, AI that augments CSAs induces AI-CSA interactions, and the final outcome of adopting an AI model hence relies not only the performance of AI, but how CSAs perceive, use, and interact with AI. To our knowledge,  this research is the first to examine the role that AI plays in affecting CSA sentiment. We worked with a meal delivery company and designed a randomized controlled trial (RCT) where 30% of CSAs were randomly selected to use AI for six weeks, before AI became open to all CSAs. The CSAs served customers on three channels—Email, Phone, and Chat; the company adopted AI on Chat in 2021. The AI suggests replies that can be selected to respond to a customer message for CSAs to have real-time, back-and-forth conversations. We asked CSAs to rate their daily feelings from Very Unhappy to Very Happy. Exploiting the exogeneous variation in AI adoption, we find: 1) AI improved CSA’s sentiment on Chat. Yet when same CSAs shifted on other channels (without AI), they were negatively affected by cross-channels spillovers, and 2) AI had a positive (negative) impact on making a CSA Happy (Very Happy). We reason that AI make CSAs’ worker easier, while hurt their intrinsic passion. We found that AI was more effective in helping the inexperienced and/or underperforming CSAs. For companies in launching AI, in addition to the role of AI among users and places where AI is directly applied, interactions among contexts should also be considered. In addition to how AI might affect the direct sales and cost, companies should understand how their employee will perceive and react to an adoption of AI. 