4 - Predicting Hiring Decisions in Voice-to-Voice Interactions Mariya Topchy, University of Connecticut, Storrs, CT Debanjan Mitra With only 5% of customer service interactions beginning with face-to-face encounters (Microsoft 2017) and growing popularity of services without physical locations to serve customers, voice-to-voice communications become  an essential touchpoint for both service providers and customers. In such interactions, voice represents the only medium of information exchange as communication partners are void of visual cues such as person’s appearance, body language, facial expressions, etc. Indeed, the ability of voice to communicate information transcends linguistic content of the message. In social psychology, voice is known to reveal speaker’s identify (gender, age, etc.), traits (attractiveness, credibility, expertise, dominance, etc.), and states (confidence, focus, affect, etc.). However, despite the informational power of voice, marketers still know little about how to utilize voice to better serve customers and improve business outcomes. Specifically, it is unclear how informative customer and service provider’s voices are in predicting an encounter outcome and whether service providers can influence these outcomes through voice training or modulation. To examine the informational power of voice, we partner with a large U.S. law firm to obtain data on free phone consultations to, first, examine the predictive power of voice, and then examine what elements of the voice-to-voice interaction (evident from service provider’s and client’s voices) play the most critical role in determining the outcome of the interaction. Using machine learning techniques such as transfer learning and anomaly detection, we extract meaningful audio characteristics from raw soundwaves and use them to predict consultation outcome—customer’s decision to hire a lawyer. We further employ interpretability techniques to identify which audio characteristics are the most powerful predictors and provide motivation for their predictive power. 