4 - The Effects of Store Closure on Sales, Omnichannel Shopping, and Mobile App Usage Taotao Ye, Texas A&M University, College Station, TX Venkatesh Shankar Many chain retailers periodically close some physical stores. A critical question for such retailers is: What is the effect of the closure of a store on the retailer’s offline and online sales from shoppers in the neighborhood? Although prior research has examined the effect of new store openings, not much is known about the effect of store closures. The few studies that examine store closure focus on the aggregate impact of store closures and not on the causal effects of the closure of  a particular store. Moreover, many retailers have mobile apps that customers use to shop. An important related question for retailers with a mobile app is: How does the closure of a store affect the neighborhood shoppers’ mobile app usage and purchases online and offline? We address these questions using shopper transaction and mobile app usage data from a large retailer who closed 34 stores in a month. We estimate the causal effects of store closure through the difference-in- differences approach by creating propensity score matched control stores and by controlling for selection. We analyze the effects at both the county aggregate and county shopper levels. Our results show that the retailer loses significant net monthly sales of $182,538 (more than the average monthly sales of the closed store) in the county with the closed store due to spillover effects on the retailer’s other customers in that county. The numbers of active customers, new customers, new app users, and mobile app engagement also decrease after store closure. Online sales go down in the 3-15 months window after closure but recover in the long run. Retailers can mitigate the negative effects by choosing counties with low in-store discounts, fast high-speed mobile connectivity, and high level of online sales to close. They can migrate shoppers in counties facing store closure to shop online and through the mobile app by enrolling them in their loyalty program, offering online discounts, and promoting product information and purchase features in the mobile app. 