2 - Are Global Brands Less Authentic in Local Markets? The Influence of Local Indexicality and Local Iconicity on Perceived Global Brand Authenticity Qianwen Ding, Guangdong University of Science and Technology, Guangdong, China Recently, influenced by the resurgence of nationalism and increasing number of critical voices towards globalization (Liu et al., 2021; Mandler et al., 2020), consumers are turning to local products rather than non-local alternatives (Riefler, 2020). Nevertheless, the larger threat for global brands is its underlying influences on the perceived brand authenticity (PBA) (Liu et al., 2021). Although existing literature has examined the positive relationship between perceived brand globalness (PBG) and PBA (Özsomer & Altaras, 2008; Safeer et al., 2021), the influence of new global consumer culture context might reshape the mechanism of PBG and the way it interacts with PBA critically. Hence, by offering significant reflective views in a new globalization landscape, this study aims to investigate how PBG associates with PBA in local markets, and its impacts on brand preference(global vs. local). Moreover, despite incorporating local elements is one of the localized strategies for global brands, the effects of incorporating local elements on global brand authenticity evaluations remain unknown. Grounded on the research by Fritz et al. (2017), perceived cultural closeness contributes to brand legitimacy that enhances PBA. Therefore, drawing from Grayson & Martinec’s (2004) research in semiotics as well, this study suggests that local elements embraced by global brands include local indexicality and iconicity that lead to enhanced authenticity evaluations, which positively associated with brand preference for global brands.In sum, engaging in a series of experimental studies, this research is expected to extend the theory of perceived brand globalness and brand authenticity under the potential weakened positive effects of globalization on international marketing. The study also adds  to authenticity literature through an empirical investigation of indexicality and iconicity in a context of glocal strategy. Besides, this study is expected to offer substantial managerial implications for global brand localization in a competitive landscape of global and local players. 