6 - How Perceived Personalities of Earlier Contributors Influence the Content  Generation on Online Knowledge- sharing Platforms Yu Feng, Peking University, Beijing, China Cong Wang, Qiaowei Shen With the prevalence of online knowledge-sharing platforms, in which user management and content creation are the central issues to platform governance. Interactions take place through users’ linguistics, which is determined by the formation of the user’s perceived personality in the eyes of others. To understand the impact of perceived personality on online discussions, a representation method that combines natural language processing method and unsupervised learning is developed to extract contributors’ perceived personalities based on the contents they generated on the platform, which is further validated by a lab experiment. Using the algorithm, we obtain two set of personality perception, i.e., temporary and average personality perception, using the first reply and contributor’s past comments respectively. Our results reveal that starter’s perceived conscientiousness increases the final participation size, extend discussion time, and decreases later new content generation of the question; starter’s perceived openness decreases the total discussion size and new content production, yet fasten the discussion pace. Starters high in conscientiousness or openness are perceived as more persuasive, thus impede other’s motivation to contribute new knowledge. The choice of whether to participate in discussion is determined by perceived role of starters, as a starter high in conscientiousness is perceived as a dependent and reliable cooperator which attract others to join the discussion, while a starter high in openness is perceived as an intelligent leader or decision maker which discourage other’s engagement. We also find a differential effect of temporary and average personality perception for different group type. When the question belongs to a group with KOL, starters’ average personality perception will play a more important role than their temporary personality perception. The relative importance reverse in a group without KOL. Our method and empirical analysis can provide insights into the governance of online knowledge-sharing platforms. 