2 - Individual Differences in Quality-Quantity Tradeoffs in Consumption: Conceptualization, Scale Development, and Validation Rodrigo S Dias, PhD Candidate, Duke University,  Durham, NC Eesha Sharma, Gavan Fitzsimons Consumers often face tradeoffs between quality and quantity when making purchasing decisions. In the current work, we find that there are systematic individual differences in quality-quantity tradeoffs in consumption, over and above differences across contexts. Some consumers systematically prefer quality (vs. quantity), and some systematically prefer quantity (vs. quality). Using various samples (N = 2,226), we first develop and validate a domain-free scale to measure individual differences in quality-quantity preferences in consumption—the quality-quantity tradeoffs scale. We find that the scale is internally consistent and temporally stable. We then examine revealed preferences for quality vs. quantity by looking at choice of (n = 465) and willingness to pay for (n = 469) higher-quality and higher-quantity purchases. Using multilevel modeling, we find that consumers exhibit consistent preferences for quality or quantity across consumption domains; this variation is significantly predicted by the quality-quantity tradeoffs scale. Next, we examine how quality-quantity preferences relate to various constructs in 4 studies (N = 1,985). The quality-quantity tradeoffs scale is empirically distinct from but related to constructs capturing consumers’ disposition towards buying more (e.g., greed, compulsive buying). Finally, quality-quantity preferences predict consumers’ reactions to quantity promotions (n = 1,000) and spending (n = 983). Consumers with higher preference for quantity (vs. quality) report higher purchase intention for items under quantity promotions and spend more money overall. The current work contributes to marketing theory and practice by introducing a new construct, and offers insights to managers by showing how it predicts meaningful consumer behaviors. 