2 - The Effects of Underlying Product Features on Sales: A Machine Learning Approach to Analyze Images and Reviews Chi Zhang, Texas A&M University, College Station, TX Venkatesh Shankar Product appearance and user experience of products have significant influences on product sales. However, what underlying features in product appearance are associated with high or low aesthetics? What underlying features contribute most to user experience? What are their effects on sales? In this paper, we identify and quantify such underlying features and investigate their effects on sales using deep learning models of images and natural language processing methods of text. We assemble and analyze a large dataset consisting of 362 models from 49 automobile brands in the  during 2002-2020 with 12,305 images and 137,692 consumer reviews. Specifically, we use product images and their aesthetic ratings to train convolutional neural networks and apply Grad-CAM algorithms to generate heatmaps that highlight the unattractive elements in product appearance for each product. Furthermore, we use supervised contrastive learning to identify and quantify the underlying features that most affect product appearance. We apply a latent Dirichlet allocation (LDA) model on the product review data to extract the underlying features that most affect the user experience of products. The image analysis shows that three underlying features, namely, hatchback design, streamlined design, and box-like design, affect the aesthetics of product appearance. The text analysis reveals that four features, namely, reliability, fun, comfort, and fuel efficiency underlie user experience. The empirical analysis reveals that for economy cars, streamlined designs are associated with better sales. Economy cars high on comfort, fuel efficiency, or reliability outsell economy cars high on fun. However, luxury/sporty cars high on fun sell more than those high on comfort, fuel efficiency, or reliability. The output of the image analysis comprising heatmaps highlights the ‘unattractive’ elements in car designs that product designers can use to validate initial design ideas before finalizing the product. Thus, the analysis approach results have direct managerial implications for car makers. 