4 - Influencing on Short or Long Leashes? How Contract Design Drives Influencer Marketing Performance Reto Hofstetter, University of Lucerne, Lucerne, Switzerland Andreas Lanz, Navdeep Sahni, Martel Faltl Influencer marketing has become an important way to reach out to consumers. Different from traditional advertising, it works in a decentralized fashion in which a user of a social network--typically with a somewhat large following--endorses a firm via user-generated content. Theuser generating the content, commonly referred to as influencer, acts as an  intermediary between the firm and a target segment, where the carrier of influence is the content, which disseminates into the influencer’s follower base and beyond (e.g., Goldenberg et al. 2009).Common to influencer marketing are behavior- based contracts in which managers emphasize the behaviors that they expect to lead to bottom-line results. Taking into account that influencers may pursue egocentric goals that deviate from corporate objectives, managerswould have to adapt these contracts--put them on a short leash--and constrain influencers’ behavior to align objectives in influencer marketing campaigns. Despite this threat of a principal-agent problem being present, the common belief amongmanagers is that they should avoid managing and briefing influencers too closely (Haenlein etal. 2020). The rationale is that influencers better understand their follower base than the managers and should thus be put on a long leash--to be given full autonomy when creatingtheir content. In line with this common managerial belief, we find that more (versus less) constraining contracts do not have an effect on bottom-line results in influencer marketing campaigns. Even worse, more constraining contracts limit the manager’s recruiting ability. More specifically, preliminary empirical evidence from the analysis of over 10,000 influencers and 1,300 actual Instagram campaigns carried out via the influencer marketing platform Reachbird.io indicate that contracts imposing stronger behavioral constraints with respect to content creation have no effect on engagement with sponsored Instagram posts, although significantly lowering participation of influencers in campaigns. We gain convergent validity of these empirical findings in a (supply-side) field experiment with more than 200 participating influencers. 