2 - May the Workforce Be With You: Consumers’ Behavioral Responses to Strike-induced Store Closures Marco Kotschedoff, KU Leuven, Antwerp, Belgium Liliana Kowalczyk, Els Breugelmans Nowadays, it regularly happens that grocery chains temporary have to close (some of) their stores due to strikes of their workforce. Despite this regularity of strike-induced store closures, research on consumers’ behavioral response to such closures is scarce. We investigate the impact of strike-induced store closures on consumers’ shopping behavior using household scanner panel data on grocery purchases (January 2017 to December 2018) delivered by GfK Belgium to assess consumers’ response to a major strike of a large grocery chain in Belgium. During this strike about 100 out of 300 stores were temporary closed. We employ a difference-in-differences analysis, where we focus on consumers who regularly shop at the affected grocery chain and compare purchase behavior of consumers in this treatment group with that of consumers in a control group that shop in a comparable, competing grocery  chain but that do not shop at the affected chain. Our results show significant evidence that consumers are less likely to shop and spend at the focal chain but more likely to shop and spend at competing chains during the strike. Interestingly, on average, the increase in spending at competing stores does not fully compensate for the decrease in spending at the focal chain, which points to a loss for the grocery sector in general. The findings of a drop in focal chain shopping incidence and spending hold even if none of the affected retailer stores in the direct proximity of the consumer were closed, albeit the effect is considerably weaker than if all or some stores in direct proximity are closed. This suggests that there is a considerable negative carry-over to stores of the chain that are not directly impacted by a closure. Furthermore, we find that drops in incidence and spending are not permanent and seem to vanish after two weeks, for the overall but also at the focal chain level. 