20- Reducing Discrimination with Information: Evidence from Online Labor Platforms Ozge Demirci, University of Warwick, London, United Kingdom  Freelancing platforms have gained enormous popularity, connecting millions of employers and freelancers worldwide. These online labor markets enable workers worldwide to supply their labor globally by reducing transaction and search costs. Although online platforms reduce certain costs by making global labor markets more accessible, some information asymmetries also persist in these markets. Particularly when employers are from high-income countries, such informational frictions may disadvantage freelancers from developing countries relative to those from high- income countries. As a result, freelancers in developing countries who compete in global online markets tend to face information asymmetries that lead them to accept less than optimal wages. In this paper, I study the wage gap between developing and developed countries’ freelancers in digital labor platforms and explain the mechanisms driving this gap. I have focused on one of the largest global freelancing platforms and created a unique panel dataset including over 100,000 freelancers and their labor market activities over a year. I find that freelancers from developing countries earn 34 percent less than those from developed countries after controlling for individual characteristics and cross-country pricing levels. However, the penalty on wages linked to the country of origin decreases as contractors provide more standardized information about their skills. For instance, higher levels of experience, higher reputation scores, providing information on educational background, or standardized test scores benefit freelancers’ from developing countries disproportionally more. This paper contributes to the growing literature of discrimination in online platforms by showing that having higher reputation scores or detailed profile descriptions can benefit freelancers from developing countries more and help to modify inaccurate beliefs about their quality. 