3 - Less is More: When Short-term Signals are More Valuable than Long-term Outcomes in Targeting Tawei Huang, PhD Student, Harvard Business School, Boston, MA , Eva Ascarza Firms target customers with the best response toward a marketing action to maximize its effectiveness or ROI. Doing so requires firms to identify differences in customer sensitivity, estimates that they often obtain using uplift / heterogeneous response models. While those methods have been proven effective in several marketing contexts, little is known about their performance when firms estimate the sensitivity of a long-term outcome. In theory, the observation window should not alter the way firms optimize their resource allocation - i.e., to maximize customer values in the long run, they should target based on long-term treatment effects. However, long- term measures accumulate random behaviors over time. These noises can cause systematic bias even when common causal assumptions hold. We show two distinct estimation biases arise when estimating long-term treatment effects on repeated purchase measures. First, uplift models often misattribute random purchase behaviors to the intervention and observed covariates, leading to the collider bias for customers with unexpectedly high (or low) purchase counts. Besides, typical outcome regressions without considering latent customer churn are more prone to overfit random noises in churn and purchase processes. The prediction errors of outcome models can cause systematic bias for AIPW or doubly robust estimators. As a result, targeting customers based on predicted long- term lifts results in suboptimal policies.Building upon literature in statistical surrogacy and buy-till-you-die models,  we propose an imputation approach that overcomes these biases and enables firms to improve targeting performance in the long run. Our solution only uses short-term signals with less noise, captures the carry-over effect of short-term behavior change, and overcomes the overfitting problem by separating the churn and purchase processes. Using simulation and a real-world coupon experiment, we show that our approach can significantly reduce the estimation bias and improve the long-run targeting profit by ~20%. 