3 - Integrating Scenario into Consumer Decision Model Kanoko Go, Atomi University, Saitama, Japan In recent years, products have become smart as they are able to connect to the Internet and other devices. Such feature provides consumers with multiple scenarios of product usage. Therefore, these scenarios have attracted considerable interest in consumer decision-making research. With regard to consumer decision-making, the multi-attribute decision model has traditionally been studied. However, when the product is complicated or having a new attribute, the model is difficult to apply. Therefore to deal with such as an under uncertain situations, the case-based decision model in which consumers made inferences based on their past experiences was proposed. Although these models can explain product evaluation itself, they do not consider scenarios making from product value. In this study, I aim to integrate product usage scenarios into consumer decision-making models (the multi- attribute decision model and the case-based decision model). Specifically, three types of models are developed to adjust the integration of scenarios. In the first model, it is assuming consumers evaluate products and scenarios separately. In the second model, they evaluate products according to the most interesting scenarios. In the third model, they evaluate the products under each scenario.The three models are  investigated through a questionnaire survey on the adoption decision for a smart display. The following five scenarios are examined for the smart display: It can make your home a smart one, It can make a call, It allows streaming, It allows browsing of recipes via voice operation, and It can be used to play voice games. As a result of estimations, the first model in which consumers conduct product and scenario evaluations yielded the best results. Therefore, this study found that scenarios could be integrated into the consumer decision- making model as a different criterion for product evaluation. 