3- The Influence of Product Presentation Format on Consumers’ Product Perception in Online Environments Soonho Kwon, Waseda University, Tokyo, Japan Takanori Suda, Takuya Nomura In this study, we clarify that a product presentation format in online retail affects both consumers’ product perception(product size and weight)and flavor perception(richness). In online environments, a product image presentation format is of two types: front angle and front- side angle format. Front-side angle product images depict the most canonical view of a product and attract more visual attention than front angle product images. In addition, the elements that attract more visual attention (e.g., saturation) have a positive effect on the perceived size of products. Thus, the canonical product image presentation format (front-side  angle) is expected to be perceived as larger than the front angle format because it is more likely to attract consumers’ attention. Further, the perceived size of a product influences weight estimation because of weight perception bias, in which larger objects are perceived as heavier. Therefore, the front-side angle presentation format that determines the perceived size of a product will also positively influence its perceived weight. Moreover, since weight perception affects taste evaluation, such as richness, the weight enhanced by the front-side angle product image is expected to enhance the perception of richness. We conducted an online survey of 186 participants, under two conditions (product presentation formats: front angle vs. front-side angle) single-factor randomized between-subjects design. Participants who viewed the product from the front-side angle perceived an increased product size than those who viewed it from the front angle. We then conducted a serial mediation analysis to confirm whether perceived product size mediates the perceived product size and weight to density. We examined confidence intervals (CIs) using 5,000 bootstraps to confirm the indirect effect. The results showed a significant serial indirect effect. The findings of our study show that the visual information of product size influences tactile information (weight perception), which in turn influences gustatory information (richness perception). 