1 - The Defining Facets of Customer Centric Leadership: An Exploration of How CEOs and Senior Executives Lead Market-oriented Organizations Chris L Brown, CEO, Pepperdine University, Malibu, CA An extensive body of research has documented the positive outcomes of market-oriented culture on customer satisfaction, employee engagement, and financial returns for shareholders. In contrast, little research has explored the role of leaders, specifically CEOs, in fostering a market- oriented culture. Through an analysis of interview data from 66 CEOs across a variety of market-oriented firms, the research seeks to identify the defining characteristics of market-oriented leaders. The interviews provide insights into how they developed their market-oriented approach and  identify the behaviors they engage in to create and sustain a market-oriented organizational culture. From a theoretical perspective, emerging findings signal the importance and relevance of construal theory and narratives in how leaders can translate and communicate the abstract notion of market orientation into more concrete and actionable practices. One emerging finding is the use of the customer as a concrete unifying theme to bring all people in an organization together around a common purpose. Through the lenses of construal theory and narrative theory, we explain how market-oriented leaders continually transform their businesses by inspiring employees to act in a market-oriented way with customers as the central driving motivational force. Additionally, several archetypes of market-oriented leadership emerged as a function of a leader’s primary influencing approach and as a function of the lifecycle of their organization. Some market-oriented leaders shape their organizations via interpersonal relationships whereas others rely on setting and communicating a customer-centric vision. The ways in which leaders develop and sustain customer-centricity also varies as a function of whether they are creating a business (founder) or transforming it (professional manager). This research offers guidance for CEOs who want to achieve high levels of market orientation in their businesses. 