2 - Modeling Consumer Sequential Search with Refinement and Click-stream under the Lexicographic Rule Xuewen Wang, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, Hong Kong Jia Liu The increasingly available data on consumer online search behavior (such as clicking, sorting, and filtering search results) offers researchers and practitioners valuable information for preference measurements and for improving personalized marketing strategies. This has triggered a series of studies that develop structural models of consumer search for policy simulations. These models often assume that every consumer considers all attributes and the values of different attributes could compensate each other, i.e., the compensatory decision rules. These assumptions are not only unrealistic, but also make it very difficult to fully integrate data on consumer usage of search refinement tools, as consumer preferences to product attributes are not explicitly linked to their choices of filtering/sorting keywords. The recent literature suggests that refinement tools have crucial implications on consumer search and purchase behavior, and hence the design of online platforms. Therefore, it is important to relax these modeling assumptions and to be able to take full advantages of consumer search data. We aim to address these research challenges by developing a unified sequential search model with learning in which consumer decisions on search (including clicking, keyword filtering, and sorting) and purchase are derived from utility maximization under non-compensatory decision rules (i.e., the lexicographic rule). A non-compensatory utility framework allows us to explicitly model which keyword(s) consumers choose to filter or sort in this decision process. Thus, we can conduct counterfactual analysis on the impact of changing available keywords in the filtering or sorting lists on consumer search and purchase behaviors. We estimate the proposed model on a large data set, consisting of consumer search  histories (including clicking, keyword filtering, sorting, and purchase) for hotels on a major web-based hotel comparison platform. We document that our model combing consumer usage of search refinement tools could better estimate consumer preferences in the search process. 