4 - Harmony Perception Backfire; The Effect of Product Display Based on Hue Color Combination Hisashi Kawamata, Waseda University, Tokyo, Japan The importance of color research in the area of consumer behavior has increased in recent years. Existing literature focuses on the effect of two-color combinations (analogous hue combinations—small hue differences between adjacent colors; and complementary hue combinations—which large hue differences between adjacent colors) on brand logo (Jeon et al., 2020), and the relationship between product and background (Huang et al., 2020). Few studies focus on the effects of three or more colors. In practice, many products, such as cushions, curtains, and shoes, are displayed in stores in a wide variety of colors. This paper investigates which product display based on color combination using 24 colors creates consumer satisfaction, as well as how the relationship between product display and choice satisfaction mediates harmony perception. Existing studies show that analogous hue combinations are preferred because of perceived visual harmony and consumers generally prefer harmony to disharmony (Bell et al., 1991). Thus, product displays that use analogous hue color combination lead consumer satisfaction. However, the small hue difference in analogous color combination displays of adjacent products  makes it difficult for consumers to distinguish the hue color difference between these products. Small differences among the alternatives provided less choice satisfaction (Dhar, 1997). When consumers choose products from analogous color combination product displays, consumer satisfaction is less than when they choose products from complementary color combinations. We conducted several studies based on the above hypothesis and confirmed that product display based on analogous hue color combination increased harmony perception. However, the consumer tended to be less satisfied with the analogous color combination in the product choice condition; the effect is magnified when the condition is set to select multiple products. This study contributes to color combination research and provides new insights into the importance of product display order. 