4 - Adverse Effects of TV Advertising on Online Shopping Behavior Alicja Grzadziel, Vienna University of Economics and Business, Vienna, Austria Nadia Abou Nabout, Martin Stange, Burkhardt Funk Mobile devices have changed consumer behavior in various ways, also presenting new challenges and opportunities for TV advertising. Second screen usage is one phenomenon related to these challenges, and describes a situation in which consumers do not watch TV in isolation, but rather use a second screen (e.g., a laptop, tablet or a smartphone) to browse the Internet, search for products and services online, and make purchases while watching TV. The online shopping behavior of consumers who go to a shop’s website in response to a TV ad, versus the behavior of those that visit the shop for another reason (e.g., searching for a product using a search engine or clicking a newsletter link) is just starting to be investigated. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first large-scale empirical study to estimate the effects of everyday TV ads on online shopping behavior. We track customers’ visits and purchases for up to 90 days after their first visit, and examine the differences of behavior between non-TV-induced and TV-induced customers along the sales funnel. Since we, as researchers, cannot observe consumers in their living rooms, it is impossible for us to know whether a given visit to the online shop is a spontaneous reaction to a TV ad. Therefore, we develop a Bayesian model for the uplift in the number of visits to the online shop for every TV ad aired, which allows us to determine the probability of being TV-induced for every visit to the online shop. We then use this probability to analyze how it affects online shopping, including conversion probabilities, shopping basket sizes, repeat visits, and long-term customer spending. Our results show that a higher probability that a visit to the online shop was induced by a TV ad leads to a lower probability of a conversion, and when that conversion is made, to a lower shopping basket. In the 90 days after their first visit, customers whose first visit to the website was a spontaneous reaction to the TV ad, compared to customers who had been less likely to see the TV ad, make smaller and less frequent repeat purchases. SD10 Virtual Room 10 Healthcare Contributed Sessions Chair: Jong Yeob Kim  NYU Stern School of Business, New York, NY 