3 - Do Not Invade my Personal Space! Strength of Ties in Social Media and Paid Ad Intrusiveness Elham Yazdani, University of Georgia, Athens, GA Anindita Chakravarty, Sakshi Babar With the surge of paid ads on social media such as Facebook, the perception of customers towards this kind of advertising is often more negative than positive. For instance, while exposure to customized ads can increase the efficiency of customer purchase, many users report that they find paid ads to be intrusive and even creepy. Such perceptions most likely dampen the effectiveness of paid search advertising. In this research, we apply the strength of ties theory to understand if a user’s perceptions of ad intrusiveness and creepiness might depend on the user’s strength of ties with ‘friends’ whose posts are visible before the ad. We propose that stronger the tie, the higher the perceived ad intrusiveness and creepiness. Strong interpersonal ties with friends involve more intimacy and higher emotional involvement with the content posted by those friends, while users might be non-involved with information posted by weak friendship ties. As a result, an ad that appears after a flow of posts from stronger ties might invade the user’s personal space and be considered intrusive or creepy to a greater extent than if it appears after posts from weaker ties. To have a deeper understanding of the underlying mechanisms, we also look at different moderators on the impact of friends’ strength of ties on perceived ad intrusiveness and creepiness. For example, the strength of user’s relationship with the advertised brand or the type of product or service being advertised or the relevance of the ad to the user’s needs can impact the intrusiveness and creepiness perceptions. We follow a multi-step methodology. First, we collect primary data about the activity of real users on Facebook for 15 weeks. We obtain perceptions of posts, ads, and tie strength of friends during users’ real time Facebook activity. With this data, we are able to understand if empirical patterns exist between strength of ‘friends’ tie and ad perceptions after controlling for both the emotional and cognitive elements of the ad and its popularity. We follow up with lab based and MTurk experiments to understand causal effects and test moderators. 