1 - A Sample Size Calculation for Training and Certifying Targeting Policies Spyros Zoumpoulis, INSEAD, Fontainebleau, France Duncan I Simester, Artem Timoshenko There is a long history of firms using experiments to measure ATEs and choose uniform policies. When designing these experiments, firms often use a power calculation to select the sample size. Now that firms are shifting attention to targeting policies, a new question arises: what is a sufficient sample size for training a targeting policy and certifying it compared to a benchmark policy? We propose efficient algorithms for calculating the minimum sample size required to train and certify a targeting policy. We consider two approaches that firms may want to use to compare a targeting policy with a benchmark policy. The first approach calculates the training sample size required so that the expected profit improvement of the targeting policy over the benchmark policy exceeds a specified fixed threshold. The second approach calculates the training and certification sample sizes required so that the expected profit improvement of the targeting policy over  the benchmark policy exceeds a threshold determined by a statistical significance test, with desired power and confidence levels. For both approaches, we characterize the optimization problem that yields the minimum sample sizes, and provide efficient and practically implementable algorithms for solving it. The proposed procedures are easily applied once the relevant data is obtained, and the sample size calculations are easily scaled to any number of segments or any benchmark policy. We illustrate how to implement the proposed procedures using data from an actual field experiment, and we validate the procedures by comparing the sample sizes they recommend with the actual sample sizes required when implementing a range of different estimators. The findings indicate that the proposed algorithms provide reasonable estimates of the amount of data required to train and certify a targeting policy. They also reveal that the amount of data required to train and certify a targeting policy may be a lot less than the amount of data required to choose and certify the optimal uniform policy. 