3 - Reason Versus Feeling: The Impact of Exposure to Nature on Consumers’ Decision Making Sunxu Xu, Renmin University of China, Beijing, China Ying Ding Decades of research have demonstrated that exposure to nature can provide extensive physical and psychological benefits to humans. However, little research attention has been given to how exposure to nature might influence consumer behavior. Drawing from an interdisciplinary perspective, the present research aims to systematically investigate the impact of exposure to nature on consumers’ decision-making. Based on previous literature, consumer decisions can be made either in a cognitive, reason-based  manner or in an affective, feeling-based manner. We propose that exposure to nature will promote greater reliance on affective feelings (vs. cognitive reasoning), which will increase the relative preference for affectively superior options as opposed to cognitively superior options. The results of Study 1 (N = 234) showed that participants in the nature condition were more likely to choose the affectively superior apartment than the cognitively superior apartment compared to participants in the built and control conditions. Study 2A (N = 136) demonstrated that exposure to nature increased consumers’ relative reliance on affective feelings (vs. cognitive reasoning), and Study 2B (N = 113) showed that a feeling- based (vs. reason-based) strategy can increase consumers’ relative preference for the affectively (vs. cognitively) superior laptop. Theoretically, by identifying exposure to nature as a novel environmental antecedent that influences consumers’ decision-making strategies and consequential product preferences, our research not only extends the research scope of exposure to nature but also provides a new angle to the literature on decision-making. Managerially, marketers can tailor the store environment to the advertising plan. For example, marketers can add natural elements to the marketing environments when highlighting products’ superior affective features. 