2 - Business-to-business Sales Opportunity Management: A Framework, Evidence and Application Muzeeb Shaik, PhD Student, Texas A&M University - College Station, College Station, TX Shrihari (Hari) Sridhar, Vikas Mittal To meet sales targets with finite resources, business-to- business (B2B) sellers need to prioritize promising sales opportunities from a large pipeline of possibilities. Extant evidence in theory and practice suggests that B2B sellers use arbitrary or gut-based decision rules to prioritize sales opportunities, which leads to sub-optimal sales opportunity management. We draw from the relationship management and organizational buying literature to build a conceptual framework relating buyer-class typology (e.g., new bid vs. modified rebid), and opportunity characteristics (e.g., opportunity size) to a seller’s decision to bid, and the bid outcome. We test the framework using archival data from a major B2B on-site services provider. The data span sales outcomes (did not bid, bid and won, bid and lost) for 4,564 sales opportunities, spanning 10 years, and 23 countries. Model-free evidence indicates an ongoing tension in sales pursuit: while the best projects to bid on are ones with the best buy-class typology (e.g., straight rebid) and lowest risk (e.g., small opportunity size), such opportunities are not enough to grow the sales in each region. Accordingly, we first develop an ensemble machine learning framework to predict the focal seller’s propensity to win the opportunity, as a function of complex non-linear interplay among the sales opportunity characteristics. Subsequently, we build a combinatorial approach that allows a company to take the right level of risk (i.e., some new bids, some large opportunities) so that each region can maximize its sales potential given finite capacity. We demonstrate that using the ensemble approach enables the focal company to improve its predictive validity over simple models by 11.09% and sales potential by 14.18%, with the same set of resources. 