3 - Search Revisits: Evidence from the Lab Ivy Dang, University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong, China Raluca Ursu, Pradeep Chintagunta Why do consumers revisit previously searched products before making a purchase decision? Based on findings documented in prior work, consumer may revisit for several different reasons—such as i) to gather additional information; ii) to compare similar products; iii) to gather information they previously obtained but have forgotten; iv) to eliminate an option from their consideration set; or v) because of a mistake. To directly test these different hypotheses, we designed and built a shopping website mimicking a typical online retailer’s website: consumers sift through a list of ordered options, can click on a product to obtain additional information about it, and can choose one of the options to buy. We then used this website in a series of incentive- compatible experiments to collect information on how consumers search and what they buy. A new feature of our website is that it also allows researchers to ask consumers questions while they search. We used this feature to ask consumers why they revisit products and how they make their final purchase decision. With consumers’ stated revisit reasons, as well as their search and purchase decisions, we try to uncover the mechanism behind search revisits. Additionally, by mapping search patterns under our observed revisit reasons with the types of search data obtained from observational studies, we provide insights into the benefits and limitations of the latter data for understanding search revisits. This also has implications for the required features of theoretical search models that may not entirely reflect the nuances of actual search and revisit behaviors of customers. Lastly, we derive managerial implications of search revisits for marketing mix decisions. FB10 Virtual Room 10 Causal Effects and Policy Decisions II Special Sessions Chair: Sridhar Narayanan Stanford University, Stanford, CA 