1 - Sponsored Search Auction and the Revenue- maximizing Number of Ads Per Page Pallavi Pal, Stevens Institute of Technology, Hoboken, NJ In this paper, I derive a new method to identify the distribution of the advertiser’s ad-value in the sponsored search auction, explicitly looking at weighted Generalized Second Price auction. Compared to previous literature, this method incorporates a weaker and more realistic assumption of incomplete information. Additionally, I evaluate how much the advertisers shade their bid below their value, defined as bid shading amount. The results show that the bid shading is minimal; the 50th percentile of the bid shading upper bound is below 0.2% of their value. The low amount of bid shading is due to a high level of competition in the online ad market. Additionally, I apply the derived distribution to look at the effect of externality on the search engine’s revenue from ads. Firms use advertising as a medium to gain a competitive advantage, which is negatively affected if the ad appears alongside their rival’s ad -- a form of externality. I estimate a structural model based on a novel data set of Yahoo! ads to quantify the effect of externality on an advertiser’s value and then simulate the revenue-maximizing number of ads. I find that externality depends on the quality and quantity  of competing ads. For example, in the laptop category, an advertiser’s willingness to pay decreases by thirty-two percent due to the addition of a second high-quality ad, but only by eleven percent due to a low-quality ad. Furthermore, the counterfactual results suggest that the revenue-maximizing number of ads per page differs across the ad product category, with five ads per page on average. Implementing the recommended number of ads would lead to, on average, a 4.5 percent increase in revenue. These results provide evidence supporting the recent changes in the online advertising market; for example, Microsoft introduced a service called RAIS that provides advertisers with an option of an exclusive ad display. 