4 - The Language that Drives Engagement: A Systematic Large-scale Analysis of Headline Experiments  Akshina Banerjee, Booth School of Business, University of Chicago, Chicago, IL What motivates people to consume information? A broad range of theories in social and cognitive psychology have identified relevant characteristics, including, linguistic structure, fluency, affect, construal, personalization and many other factors. We take an ecologically valid and general approach to identifying causal effects of language on engagement decisions, using a large-scale database of field experiments conducted on Upworthy.com. Online journalism increasingly relies on catchy click-bait language in headlines to optimize engagement (Frampton 2015). We investigate what makes messages effective at driving engagement, using NLP tools to bridge the gap between the numerous specific but atheoretical results from a database of thousands of experiments conducted by Upworthy, and academic behavioral theories of how people generally interact with messages and textual cues. We extracted theoretically relevant measures from the content of the headlines themselves, using both existing tools (LIWC2015; Berger et al. 2020) and custom-defined scoring. Factor analyses were then used to extract underlying constructs from the measures. After testing for sufficient identifying variation across treatments, we identified 35 testable psychological constructs that mapped to informational, cognitive, linguistic and affective research, for 20 (57%) of which the literature provided directional predictions. Overall, after correcting for multiple comparisons, out of the constructs for which the literature provided predictions, the results were as predicted for about 20%, non-significant for 60% and the opposite of what had been predicted for 20% of constructs. Our findings provide a unique test of a wide range of persuasion-relevant theories, in an important real-world context, and illustrate how to use large-scale atheoretical experimentation to test theories of behavior. 