3 - A Graph-based Geometric Deep Learning Technique for Personality Detection Tolga M Akcura, Ozyegin University, Istanbul, Turkey ,Murat Sensoy Personality research provides important guidance within intelligence, education, and business professionals. Neuroscience shows that consumer response heterogeneity can be attributable to individual differences in gray matter volume in brain areas associated with personality. In diverse settings, marketing researchers show that personality traits such as anxiety, self-confidence and task orientation have broad implications on brand choice as they foster satisfaction, affect consumer search, and brand loyalty. Thus, understanding consumer personality has important implications for marketing. For example, personality- grounded actions may precipitate ethical and sustainable marketing, and ultimately, most generally, creating and delivering consumer happiness. Personality is typically identified based on tests and questionnaires. Intelligent, real-time, observation-driven technologies either as part of algorithmic strategy formulations or managerial decision- support systems are in need. This research aims to discover personality indicators using consumer behaviour observations and recent machine learning techniques. The observation data come from social media, where a significant number of diverse users present their personality types in their public profiles after taking an online personality test. We represent these public profiles as graphs and use them to train graph neural networks to create predictors for automatic personality classification for other users. In this work, we use a heterogenous graph structure to represent consumer interactions and engagements. Users, keywords, locations and languages act as nodes in the graph. User nodes store metadata (user id, location, follower and following counts, shared media count, likes count etc.) about the user as features. Keywords, the words the users type when they share their content, are represented by BERT embeddings. Locations and languages are represented as one-hot vectors. Results show that the proposed technique enables highly accurate personality predictions. 