2 - Impact of Uber’s Acquisition of Postmates on Consumer Welfare Pallavi Pal, Stevens Institute of Technology, Hoboken, NJ This paper investigates the effect of acquisition in Multiside firms. Specifically, looking at the impact of Uber Eats’ acquisition of Postmates on the quality and price of service provided to the consumers. The literature on platforms shows how the two-sided platform pricing on one side is impacted by cross-network effect from the other side. This has also led to differential treatment for merger analysis of the two-sided platform. For instance, Erkal and Piccinin (2010) show that mergers that do not increase cost-efficiency in any possible way strictly reduce consumer welfare. On the other hand, Shimomura and Thisse (2012) show that consumers may benefit from the existence of large firms because they make the market more competitive. To study the case of Uber Eats’ acquisition of Postmates, I use a novel dataset that scraped the information available on Uber Eats and Postmates  websites before and after the purchase. The data contains information about the number of restaurants, delivery fee, delivery time, and offers provided through the platform. I collect information for two product categories, namely Pizza and Burgers. To identify the impact of the acquisition, we use the difference in the effects for the two product categories. The data showed a high competition between the platforms in the Pizza category compared to the Burger category. I capture the impact of the acquisition using a triple Difference estimator, where the difference is between the two platforms across the two product categories before and after the acquisition. The results show that the acquisition significantly impacts delivery fees and delivery time. Specifically, the difference in the delivery fee between the two platforms decreased after the acquisition announcement. Additionally, we find that after the acquisition was approved, there was a significant increase in the number of restaurants and offers made on the Postmates app. 