3 - Impact of Individualism vs. Collectivism on Consumer Stocking Behavior Yuanfang Lin, University of Guelph, Waterloo, ON, Canada Hui Wang, Tirtha Dhar The impact of COVID-19 pandemic has been unprecedentedly striking globally. Consumers’ large quantity ordering and stockpiling have resulted in the inventory sold out experienced by many stores. Stockpiling driven by panic or information uncertainty may harm consumers’ physical and psychological well-beings amid the pandemic. While disadvantageous consumers may lose their fair opportunities of accessing essential commodities due to other consumers’ stockpiling behavior. This generates negative impact on social welfare. On the demand side consumers in making purchase decisions may have both non-cooperative and self-interested behavior (such as over stocking) mixed with some pro-social and cooperative acts (such as reducing purchase for others). On the supply side, in addition to inventory management stores are facing the challenges of disseminating information about product availabilities in order to help reduce consumer overstocking. This paper builds a stylized theoretical model to examine how consumers make purchase decisions bearing different levels of fairness concern regarding the impact of their stockpiling behavior on other buyers. We also study retailers’ information disclosure strategies facing consumers whose shopping behaviour demonstrate more (or less) of individualism versus collectivism. Our analyses identify conditions under which it is optimal for a store to inform consumers of the product inventory level. Facing the uncertainty of product availability in future periods, a consumers’ overstocking decision is found to be driven by the perceived store inventory, the stocking cost, the value of extra units in future consumption, as well as degrees of fairness concern in consumption utility. Findings from this research will provide important guidance for government and business organization to develop effective policies and communication strategies that help combat misinformation, reduce the propensity of overstocking and food waste when the society is facing and adapting to a highly disruptive and long lasting event such as the COVID pandemic. 