1 - Optimizing Personalized Promotions for Ride- sharing Providers in Two-sided Markets Ali Kozehgaran, PhD Student, Syracuse University, Syracuse, NY Scott A Fay  We examine how personalized promotions can improve the performance of two-sided platforms, using the empirical setting of Chicago’s taxi market. Our focal taxi company links its drivers to passengers, where ride requests are made through three channels - a mobile app, non-app requests (e.g., via phone), and on-street hailing. While the taxi company directly assigns cab drivers to passengers who arrive from the first two channels, coordination is more complicated for passengers acquired via on-street hailing. Currently, because revenue-sharing is constant across routes, drivers search for passengers in areas closest to their most recent drop-off or in areas known to have heavy demand. However, because drivers have heterogeneous abilities (e.g., due to differences in familiarity with the traffic patterns of each geographical zone), search can result in inefficient matches between drivers and passengers. We use historical data to detect latent driver ability from their past behavior along with reducing model complexity through clustering routes and then apply data-driven stochastic optimization models to identify how redistribution of drivers can improve the company’s profit. This can be implemented via personalized promotions for each driver. Specifically, drivers are incentivized and expected to follow the desired, pre-specified distribution pattern and in return, company demands a lower commission rate on certain clusters of routes associated with each driver. We find that, under this promotion strategy, the company could increase its annual net revenue by 7% despite the fact that drivers retain a larger fraction of gross revenue. This increase in profit is accomplished without raising fares, increasing unit market share or imposing higher workloads on the drivers, i.e., no driver is required to significantly increase its service rate in the system in terms of number of trips, time and distance. 