1 - The Perceived Desirability of Electric Vehicle Purchases: Motivational Drivers and the Impact of Incremental Economic and Time Expenditures Richard T. Stuebi, PhD Student, Virginia Tech Pamplin College of Business, Blacksburg, V Dipankar Chakravarti To attain environmental sustainability, increases in pro- environmental behaviors (PEBs) are essential in virtually all consumption domains. Two penalties may inhibit a consumer from undertaking PEBs: an economic penalty involving an up-front price premium and an effort penalty requiring additional time expenditure. For different PEBs, these penalties may be high or low, and thus may pose different adoption barriers -- especially for consumers with different motivational orientations. For instance, an electric vehicle (EV) purchase may constitute a PEB for consumers motivated by environmental concern, whereas for other consumers an EV purchase may reflect an enthusiasm for innovative technology. This motivational difference may drive differential sensitivity to both the magnitude and type of penalty being faced, thereby affecting the perceived desirability of purchasing an EV. Although one might intuitively expect increased economic or time penalties to lower EV purchase desirability, some consumers may prefer elevated penalty levels, using them to publicly signify their environmental orientation. We examined these possibilities in a three factor, between- subject experiment manipulating motivation (environment vs. technology), incremental price (low vs. high) and incremental time cost (low vs. high). Our findings show that EV purchase desirability varies across the eight study conditions. Those motivated by environmental concern respond differently to economic and time penalties than those motivated by an enthusiasm for technology. Environmental concern not only lessens sensitivity to incremental time costs, but also  can reverse the customary negative relationship between price and purchase desirability. We identify factors that mediate the above effects. 