2 - Assessing Brand Personality on Social Media: Application of Natural Language Processing and Machine Learning Jihyeon Ha, Emory University, Atlanta, GA David A Schweidel, Inyoung Chae, Kunpeng Zhang Brand personality, the set of human characteristics associated with a brand, is communicated through marketing communications and plays a crucial role in consumer behavior by serving as self-expressive or symbolic function in their consumption of brands (Aaker 1997, Fournier 1998). As the explosive growth of social media has changed practices of firm-initiated marketing communications, firms have increasingly expanded their branding efforts to social media platforms. This shift has provided the opportunity to understand how firms foster brand personality through firm- generated content on social media. In this study, we capture brand personality communicated through firm-generated texts in social media at the post level, based on Aaker’s five personality dimensions (Aaker 1997). We leverage cutting- edge transformer-based language models into our semi- supervised learning framework where pre-trained models and human annotations are combined to improve the prediction power. We validate and demonstrate the superiority of our implemented model by comparing to several representative baselines. The resulting model enables us to predict how each text posted by brands would be perceived in terms of the five personality dimensions on a large scale. Leveraging a novel dataset of posts from 144 U.S brands across three social media platforms (Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube) in 2017 - 2019, we examine how brands position themselves in the personality dimensions with social media and how they evolve over time. We posit that such evolution of brands personality is affected by social media users’ reactions (e.g., likes and comments) as well as their competitive environment. Thus, in  this paper, we offer a holistic insight of brands’ dynamic social media strategies based on brand personality, interacted with their external environment. 