1 - Online Review Helpfulness: Findings from Sentiment Analysis Rae Yule Kim, Montclair State University, Monclair, NJ Positive online reviews are crucial for sales, but not all online reviews matter. We examined what makes online reviews influential (helpful) by text mining smartphone reviews on Amazon.com. We derived some important managerial recommendations based on the findings. Although text mining methods are still maturing, recent advancements in lexicon and improved classification accuracy have made text mining a relatively approachable method to examine customer review data. National Research Council, Canada launched an open-source lexicon that classifies words into not only binary sentiments but also into eight basic emotions, such as anger, trust, and joy. This opens new opportunities to explore text data to derive insights on contextual factors that influence online review helpfulness. We examined the effect of each emotional valence on online review helpfulness. We utilize smartphone online review data on Amazon. com. The dataset contains in total of 413,841 online reviews on various smartphone products from multiple brands, which were sold on Amazon.com as of January 1st, 2017. There are several benefits to narrowing down the scope to online reviews for the same product segment and to using smartphone reviews for this study. Smartphones are a ubiquitous and search product, and subsequently, consumers are likely to have comparable knowledge about the product and seek similar information to assess.Online review length improves online review helpfulness, however, sentiment polarity moderates the effect. Consumers were more likely to find long, elaborate reviews about ‘unsentimental’ product information helpful. Interestingly, sentiment polarity was effective to increase online review helpfulness, only when the sentiment was negative. Positive sentiment polarity was not a significant predictor for online review helpfulness,  indicating that consumers might be wary of extremely positive reviews due to increasingly deceitful review practices. Among positive emotional valences, trust was the only valence that significantly improved the online review helpfulness. 