3 - The Value of Reputation Badges in the Age of Ratings and Reviews: An Empirical Study of Airbnb’s Superhost Program Rajan Mishra, Purdue University, West Lafayette, IN Guofang Huang, Manohar U Kalwani We study the value of a reputation badge for high-quality sellers on e-commerce platforms amidst the availability of customer reviews and ratings. A reputation badge may serve as a quality signal for experience goods in markets with significant search friction due to, for example, the cost of reading reviews and ratings. Also, sellers with a reputation badge become more prominent than other sellers. When customers who search only a finite number of times search (high-quality) sellers with the badge first, they are less likely to leave the platform without buying anything. We estimate the impact of introducing the seller reputation badge by using a unique panel data set from Airbnb. In contrast to the extant research focusing on the impact of a reputation badge on individual sellers, our study focuses primarily on the overall impact of the seller reputation badge on the platform. Exploiting a regression discontinuity design and an exogenously fixed schedule of updating the Superhost badge, we find a strong positive effect of the Superhost badge system on the bookings and revenue of the Airbnb platform. Furthermore, we find evidence for two mechanisms that contribute to the positive effect. First, the Superhost badge facilitates the bookings of new properties with few ratings and reviews hosted by multi-property hosts by serving as a positive signal for the latent quality of host (service). Second, the Superhost badge enhances the prominence of high-quality hosts (of either single or multiple- properties) on the platform. This makes customers more likely to find a good match before they give up on searching. Overall, our findings suggest a significant positive value of introducing seller reputation badge system even for online platforms that already have customer reviews. Saturday, 8:00AM - 9:00AM 