1 - Understanding the Business-customer Network Using Consumer Mobility and Review Data -- A Heterogeneous Graph Transformer Approach Baohong Sun, Cheung Kong Graduate School of Business, New York, NY Jiaxin Du, Natasha Zhang Foutz, Xinyue Ye Consumer mobility data is location-aware, temporary recorded, and contains customer choices of point-of- interest (POI). It is interesting to integrate customer offline mobility data with online contextual information to study customer choices of POI, derive a network that inter-connects customers and businesses, and compare the analytical network with its corresponding spatial distribution. In this paper, we formulate the customer-business relationship as a heterogeneous information network. Specifically, we define POIs, customers, review, and census tract as four types of nodes and treat customer visits as edges that link all the nodes. By allowing each node and edge to carry its own attributes, this framework predicts customer choice by incorporating all the factors that could potentially affect today’s customer POI choices, that is, the PGC, UGC, travel distance, latent preference, spatial location, and inter-temporal purchase pattern.We leverage the recently developed Heterogeneous Graph Transformer (HGT) to mine the heterogeneous and attributed network with large amount of variables and (often) non-linear relationship. The deep learning model predicts customer choices of POIs, infers the relative importance of all attributes, clusters customers, and derives competitive relationship among POIs, resulting in comprehensive marketing intelligence.We apply the model to a combined Yelp and mobility data with 8000 customers’ visits to 1362 restaurants in Pittsburgh. Result show that restaurant features listed on Yelp contribute the most to the prediction of customer visits (58%), followed by customer preference (22.8%), online review (12.7%), and census data (6.5%). The model identifies three restaurant and four customer clusters. By aligning the analytical restaurant clusters with their geographic distribution, we demonstrate the difference between spatial and customer competition. Simulation show that enhancing an attribute favored by the target audience or moving closer to the customer base significantly increase foot traffic. 