4 - Patterns of In-store Behavior and its Implications on Customers’ Shopping Baskets Anna Ulrichshofer, Technische Hochschule Ingolstadt, Ingolstadt, Germany Michael Jungbluth The path through a website (clickstream) a customer takes during online shopping is well and frequently analyzed in the literature due to the easy availability of such data (e.g. Montgomery et al., 2004). The insights from this literature help to understand customers’ choices and to design interventions to improve experiential value and conversion rates. To take this analysis and methods to the stationary Point-of-Sale (PoS) two main obstacles must be overcome: First, obtaining the data on offline paths in a given store is rather difficult. Second, offline paths are subject to spatial constraints, which often change from store to store. Adding to the in-store literature (e.g. Larson et al., 2005; Sorensen et al., 2017) we have access to granular data on customers’ paths within a non-grocery store on the individual customer level. The data does neither rely on paths being tracked via RFID tags on shopping carts nor customers carrying a mobile phone with a specific app. Instead, 360 degree tracking sensors on the ceiling continuously convert movement into anonymous time-stamped location data. We complement our offline path data with information on customers’ shopping baskets to quantify economic outcomes. Similar to the abandoned shopping cart in eCommerce, the role of paths taken on the conversion rates is investigated. We set-up a theoretical model considering customers’ paths as a sequence of conditional decisions taken between available category  options. The observed movements are a transformation of underlying latent states given the store layout. This makes the results applicable to other store designs. The analysis of pooled offline path data across heterogeneous store layouts is imperative for brick-and-mortar retailers to effectively leverage insights throughout the entire retail chain. 