1 - Online Advertising and Disinformation: Evidence from a Field Experiment on Executives  Ananya Sen, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA The predominant business model for digital media platforms relies on advertisements, placed automatically by programmatic ad networks. Several digital media platforms have faced accusations of failing to adequately curb the prevalence of harmful content such as misinformation, which is also sustained by advertising. For every $2.16 in digital ad revenue sent to legitimate newspapers, U.S. advertisers send $1 to misinformation websites. With this background, we ask the following research questions: Does providing information about the prevalence of the ad funded misinformation change managers’ demand for a solution to avoid placing ads on misinformation online? What motivates managers to address the issue of ad-funded misinformation? We aim to carry out an information experiment with executives who enrolled in a variety of Stanford Exec Ed programs as well as marketing managers based on several partnerships. We partner with NewsGuard to get detailed data on the extent of misinformation on thousands of news websites. We partner with Oracle to get the most comprehensive information on online ad prevalence of companies. The survey experiment will elicit prior beliefs of managers about the prevalence of misinformation online. It will then randomly provide a treatment to a random subsample providing them with more precise information about the magnitude of the problem. After that, we will elecit posterior beliefs as well as their WTP for tailored information about avoiding ad placement on misinformation websites. This would include details about whether their company’s ads have appeared on misinformation websites and how they can avoid doing so. Next, we re-randomize the individuals to understand their motivations. The focus will be on a social condition that will highlight the social consequences of misinformation (eg. vaccine misinformation) while the monetary condition will highlight how investors of companies have reacted negatively when there has been media coverage about companies placing their ads on misinformation websites. 