2 - Impact of Multi-staged Promotional Interventions on Smart TV Viewers - Evidence from a Large-scale Randomized Field Experiment Raveesh K Mayya, NYU Stern School of Business, New York, NY Siva Viswanathan Digital technologies have vastly diminished the effectiveness of mass marketing and have given rise to context-based marketing. Yet, most evidence to effectiveness of contextual marketing are anecdotal. We quantify their effectiveness in a setting where people watch linear content on internet connected smart TVs. This setting enables two opportunities to researchers (1) to dynamically overlay contextual marketing interventions on linear content (2) to enable multi-stage content engagement where viewers send content from smart TV to connected smartphones. Working with a smart TV intelligence platform to run a randomized trial, we study the impact (on viewers’ multi-stage engagement outcomes) of two prominent contextual interventions studied in marketing literature: time-pressure and social-pressure. Specifically, we ask and answer: (a) Which contextual effects (time and/or social pressure) are more effective in increasing consumers’ content engagement in early stage (on-TV) and in later stage (on-Phone)? and (b) How do these contextual effects interact with each other and across stages to provide a best lift in the engagement outcome? Our interventions encourage viewers consume a customized relevant content on-Phone based on what they are watching on-TV. Results suggest that negatively framed time-pressure message on-TV performs significantly better in nudging TV viewers to send content to their smartphones, compared to none or simple time-information message. Social-pressure nudge along with time-pressure nudge provides best outcomes on-TV. However, such viewers are less likely to respond in later-stages(on-Phone). Thankfully, social-pressure message improves later-stage outcomes for those viewers. Our findings are of practical importance. Early-stage success need not translate into overall success; interventions are needed and have to be measured in each stage. We show that contextual interventions interact  within and across stages to provide best lift in outcomes. Finally, we demonstrate that contextual marketing works in a Linear TV viewing context. 