1 - Peer Effects on Brand Activism: Evidence from Brand and User Chatter on Twitter Mithila Guha, Drexel University, Philadelphia, PA Daniel Korschun The research examines a brand’s decision to engage in sociopolitical activism and how the recent activism of other brands influences such participation on social media. By analyzing five years of brands’ tweets on three sociopolitical issues (Black Lives Matter, LGBTQ rights, and COVID-19 policies), we find evidence that brands are more likely to tweet on a topic the more other brands have tweeted on it recently. In addition, brands are equally attentive to the activism of peers outside their industry as they are to competitors inside their industry. To shed light on the interactions between brands in the non-market domain of activism, we connect three distinct areas of brand-focused  literature: peer influence, social media interactions, and brand activism. While much of the literature on online interactions focus on either firm- or user-generated content, this paper examines both to capture a more dynamic interplay between brands social media users. We analyzed over 423,000 brand tweets (4,505 of which are on one of the three focal issues), 55,121 user replies to the activist tweets, and 87,254 Twitter mentions of brands by consumers during the timeline. In addition, we propose a novel way to quantify the theoretical concept of increased stakeholder expectations on brands to address divisive issues by using Twitter mentions and hashtags. Furthermore, this research stands in contrast with the current brand activism literature, which frequently focuses on analyzing the impact of activism on a brand’s own market performance or influencing stakeholders’ behavior. Instead, our approach broadens the conversation and elucidates how brand activism may influence the decisions of its peers. We argue that while brands monitor and imitate peer brands’ market strategies in conflicting situations, such behavior may also be reflected in brands’ non-market strategies, such as taking a stand on a divisive issue. Overall, our findings provide evidence that brand managers monitor peer and consumer social media activities to weigh the risks of taking a stand and the risks of staying silent on an issue. 