2 - Optimising Seeding Strategies by Incorporating Empirical Evidence into Influence Maximisation Models Manuel Sebastian Mariani, University of Zurich, Zuerich, Switzerland , Radu Tanase Jx Rene Algesheimer  The opportunity to capitalize on social contagion has led many firms to invest significant resources in modelling the diffusion of products in a social network and in identifying the best seeding strategies. While extensive literature has been devoted to addressing both topics, incorporating this knowledge to predict and engineer virality remains a difficult task. Recent findings show that many existing influence maximization models surprisingly fail to integrate empirical evidence, which leads to a biased estimation of the influence propagation and to a sub-optimal identification of the seed nodes. In this article, we propose a framework to estimate the individual susceptibility to social influence from observed product choices and integrate it into modelling product diffusion. To illustrate the approach, we integrate the findings of a laboratory experiment with an agent-based model. In the experiment, we use a conjoint design to measure the individual susceptibility to social influence from observed product choices. We show that the mean individual threshold significantly correlates with the psychological measurement of susceptibility to social influence. We use the experimental results to calibrate a threshold model of product diffusion in a social network, where the thresholds are empirically estimated in the lab experiment. We find that using artificially generated thresholds can lead to a biased estimation of the influence propagation and quantify this effect. Furthermore, we propose a method to construct an optimal portfolio of seed nodes with an ordinary number of contacts, and show that it outperforms seeding high degree nodes.Overall, our findings shed light on the drivers of social contagion, establish a link between micro-level observations and macro-level outcomes, and provide insight into designing more effective viral marketing campaigns. 