1 - How Do Brand Networks Break in Face of a Crisis? Martina Pocchiari, Rotterdam School of Management, Erasmus University, Rotterdam, Netherlands Pinar Yildirim, Abdullah Almaatouq Customers rely on brand communities to interact with each other, to connect with the brands they love, to solve problems, and to personalize their consumption experiences. However, customers also resort to brand communities to coordinate a negative collective crisis response. An uncontrolled reaction of online brand communities to brand crises can deteriorate brands’ value and market performance, and push loyal and engaged consumers away from the brand networks. In this project, we assess the effect of brand crises on customer participation in online brand communities, and on ease and speed of information spread in the brand networks. We use data from 300 online brand communities, and exploit the quasi-experimental exposure of community members to over 7000 brand crisis episodes reported by news providers between 2010 and 2019. In a series of difference-in-difference analyses, we find that brand crises (i) increase the weekly participation of consumers in brand communities, (ii) affect the patterns of information-sharing in the brand networks, and (iii) have a differential impact on different consumer types. In particular, brand-loyal consumers effectively disengage from their brand communities following the crisis event - therefore, the average boost in consumer  activity is attributable to brand strangers, who only activate after a crisis. We also show that the decrease in community engagement is mitigated among the brand-loyal consumers who had proportionally more experience, loyalty, or status within the brand community. Accordingly, we suggest that brand crises are a serious threat to the integrity of online brand communities, but that consumer loyalty and commitment can potentially preserve the functioning of brand networks online in case of serious reputation threats. The insights from this paper support businesses and organizations managing online communities in situations of external stress and unexpected reputational threats. 