3 - The Accuracy of News Chutian Wang, Unviersity of Maryland, College Park, MD Bo Zhou, Yogesh V Joshi News consumers are seeking information and updating their beliefs about the true state of the world which is random in nature. While news does not always accurately reflect the truth, it can help consumers reduce their uncertainty about the true state of the world, and thus increases their expected utility. The accuracy of news influences consumers’  willingness to pay and depends on the production cost for the media firm. We model a media firm’s news provision strategy as well as consumers’ news consumption decisions. We find that consumers value news more under higher prior uncertainty. If investigation and reporting are of low costs, the media firm offers news with full accuracy. As news reporting becomes more costly, news provision will be profitable only when consumers’ prior belief is not too extreme so that they see enough value in news. Although consumers seek the truth, the cost of news provision can still lead to reporting inaccuracy. In particular, the media firm would allocate more resources on accurately reporting the state which is more likely a priori to increase its probability of presenting the truth. In equilibrium, such allocation of resources will result in an exaggeration of the likelihood of the more likely state a priori. We extend the model to study the impact of polarization in consumers’ prior beliefs on news accuracy. We find that polarization makes reporting less accurate when the cost of news provision is moderate, but has no impact when the cost is low or high. The reason is that although polarization decreases the firm’s incentive to provide accurate reporting, the significance of its impact varies across cost levels. Interestingly, polarization can make news reporting more accurate when the media firm cares not only about earning profits but also about improving consumers’ probability of being correct about the truth. Polarization means consumers initially show less interest in learning from news, which then incentivizes the firm to attract consumers with more accurate reporting. FD10 Virtual Room 10 Politics, Ideology and Identity in Marketing Special Sessions Chair: Andrew Ching Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, MD Co-Chair: Z. Jessie Liu Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, MD 