4 - Skippable and Non-skippable Ads - The Yin and Yang of Digital Video Advertising Julian R. Wichmann, Assistant Professor, University of Cologne, Cologne, Germany Digital video advertising (DVA) has become an integral part of modern advertising campaigns with ad budgets amounting to roughly two-thirds of TV ad spending (eMarketer 2021). An important and unique part of DVAs are skippable ads, which can be skipped by the press of a button but only after a minimum required time (usually five seconds). Skippable ads are adopted widely with 80% of marketers reporting to use this format (IAB Europe 2018). Nonetheless, few studies to date have analyzed skippable ads and the majority focuses on antecedents of skipping (e.g., Belanche et al. 2017; Campbell et al. 2017; Jeon et al. 2019). A detailed understanding of the underlying processes and behavioral and attitudinal consequences of using skippable ads, however, is lacking. Hence, this study tackles the following research questions:1) How do skippable ads influence consumers’ ad and brand perceptions?2) How should marketers design skippable ads to improve brand outcomes?3) How can marketers use skippable alongside non-skippable ads to improve performance of DVA campaigns?In three lab studies, typical online video viewing experiences are replicated. This allows to tightly control for confounding factors, precisely observe skipping behavior, and administer a comprehensive questionnaire uncovering underlying attitudinal processes.This study makes several important contributions. First, it is the first to uncover two opposing effects of skippable ads—while they lessen feelings of intrusiveness, they also significantly worsen ad enjoyment by disrupting the ad viewing experience. Second, this study demonstrates the relevance of the initial non-skippable section of a skippable ad—in contrast to non-skippable ads, skippable ads should highlight the brand and advertised product during the initial seconds. Third, skippable and non-skippable ads are usually regarded as substitutes but this study shows that they can work as complements in DVA campaigns. Advertisers should force a full ad exposure during the first ad encounter but make subsequent ad encounters skippable to optimize performance. TB10 Virtual Room 10 Marketing & Consumer Finance Special Sessions Chair: Jung Youn Lee Northwestern University, Evanston, IL Co-Chair: Zhenling Jiang University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA  