3 - Product Development using Lean Startup Method: The Effect of Entrepreneur Incentives Onesun Steve Yoo, University College London, London, United Kingdom K Sudhir The lean startup method (LSM) advocates an iterative and adaptive approach to product development based on launching a minimum viable product (MVP) to receive feedback about product-market fit and responsively pivoting its product goals. To achieve the intended learning, LSM suggests that an MVP be designed so that, when launched,  the false positives (wrong product generating high sales) and false negatives (right product generating low sales) in the market response are minimized. But this does not reflect real world product development choices as it does not account for entrepreneurial incentives, i.e., how product choices impact the entrepreneur’s payoffs. Entrepreneurs not only care about their learning from product development outcomes, but also how it would impact the project’s potential funding and their share of eventual payoffs. Moreover, since entrepreneur’s observable talent impacts the payoff from a successful venture and their alternative earning options, product development choices vary across entrepreneurs. Employing a stylized model of LSM with entrepreneur’s incentives, we investigate the entrepreneur’s implementation of LSM and its broader implication to innovation. We find that entrepreneurs with low observable talent launch products that has higher false positive rates (hurts learning) relative to the standard LSM MVP. In contrast, those with high observable talent launch products with low false positive rates (hurts sales and therefore chance of funding) relative to the MVP. Only those with moderate levels of observable talent introduce the standard MVP that maximizes learning as intended by LSM. Despite their product distortion relative to the standard LSM MVP, entrepreneurs with high observable talent (and high outside option) are the least likely to fail after fundraising, and thus investors obtain the highest ROI, though they launch fewer innovations overall. However, those with moderate levels of talent provide the best balance between volume of innovation and overall ROI. 