3 - NFT Digital Artwork Pricing using Image Analytics and Auction Models Chi Zhang, Texas A&M University, College Station, TX Venkatesh Shankar, Xiaohui Zhang  Non-fungible tokens (NFTs) are unique units of data stored on blockchains that can be used as public proof of ownership for various types of digital files. Online platforms, such as Foundation and SuperRare, have leveraged this property to track the copyright ownership of digital artworks and created corresponding online marketplaces. Digital artworks are traded as NFTs through auctions on these platforms. Compared with traditional offline art auctions, NFT online artwork auctions exhibit several different features. First, the reserve price of the object is open and ex-ante posted in contrast to the private and ex-post revealed reserve price in traditional art auctions. Second, the number of bidders is unknown during the bidding process in contrast to the informed number of bidders in the offline scenario. Third, transactions are settled with cryptocurrencies instead of government-issued fiat currencies like the U.S. dollar. Due to these differing features, the pricing of NFT digital artworks may differ from the pricing of traditional artworks. However, research on the valuation and pricing of NFT objects and NFT digital artworks is sparse. Existing studies focus on CryptoPunks and CryptoKitties, which are more homogenous collectibles than digital artworks. Furthermore, in practice, no clear guidelines exist for buyers and sellers on how to value NFT digital artworks and how to set the reserve prices for them. In this research, we address two key questions. What is the relationship between the content of digital artworks and their prices? What are the optimal reserve prices for different types of digital artworks? We address these questions by using computer vision methods and economic models of auctions on a dataset collected from a major NFT digital artwork platform. We investigate the relationship between the content of digital artworks and their prices, recover the bounds on the valuation distribution of the bidders and estimate the bounds for the optimal reserve price. The results from this study may provide a deeper understanding of the pricing of NFT objects and digital artworks. 