1 - Does it Help to be Creative on Tiktok? Marc Bravin, University of Lucerne, Lucerne, Switzerland Melanie Clegg, Reto Hofstetter, Marc Pouly Jonah Berger It is often suggested that originality boosts success on social media, yet content with surprisingly low originality oftentimes becomes viral. For instance, millions of TikTok users copy each other by performing the same trending dance. Using more than 490,000 videos from TikTok, we train a machine learning model that enables us to examine when and how originality helps or harms the liking of content. Counterintuitively, we find that originality rather backfires and reduces content liking.Our approach is as follows: First, we train a machine learning model to determine the originality of each video. The model is based on a 3D convolutional neural network, which simultaneously maximizes the similarity between transformed views of the same video and minimizes the similarity between transformed views of different videos. The resulting extracted semantic video embeddings are used to calculate the local outlier factor (LOF), defined as the density deviation of a data point to its k neighbors.Second, we use the LOF as independent variable to predict the likes a dancing video receive in multiple regression models. In our first model, we find a significant negative effect of originality on the number of likes. We control for user and music fixed effects in models 2 and 3, respectively, and find that the coefficient decreases consistently with this assumption. Model 4 includes four additional controls (number of days the video was online, popularity, and originality × popularity). We find that the later a user adopted a song in the sequence of adopters, the more likes the video receives (interpreted as higher popularity). We find a significant interaction between popularity and originality, showing that the harmful influence of originality is dampened for later adopters. Two additional lab experiments test and demonstrate the causality of the negative originality effect. 