2 - Grow Your Brands on Amazon: An Ml Approach to Prioritizing Your Marketing KPIs Alexander J Bruening, Applied Scientist, Amazon, New York City, NY Xiaogan Mao, Shao-Wen Yang, Oded Netzer, Koen Pauwels Faced with a growing arsenal of media mix tactics, brands are overwhelmed by what can be done, while left wondering where to start to grow their businesses. Brands want to know which KPIs they should focus on to grow their brands to the next level. We propose a method to prioritizing marketing key performance indicators (KPIs). Our proposed method is tailor KPI prioritization toward each and every brand, and is scalable in space and time. We utilize this method to deliver recommendations to help brands on Amazon prioritize KPIs. Without loss of generality, we categorize brands into disjoint stages of tail, challenger and top with monotonically increased sale bands. We identify a universal set of brand- level metrics as candidate KPIs, and train Random Forest (RF) models to distinguish brand stages using these candidate KPIs as explanatory variables. We use Shapley Additive exPlanations (SHAP) to rank the candidate KPIs for each brand to prioritize KPIs in moving brands from tail to challenger, or from challenger to top stages. We evaluate the stage prediction quantitatively, and the KPI suggestions qualitatively with case studies. We show that our discriminative method using RF and SHAP outperforms the alternate generative models in terms of stage prediction accuracy based on KPIs. We validate our method using 22-month data for 26,369 brands in the select four categories. In addition to accuracy, we show that our model is scalable, taking only 250ms to train an RF model for all brands in a category, while calculating a SHAP value per KPI for each brand takes about 7 minutes. Our case studies showing that brands at different times should prioritize different KPIs, such as time on product page, search rank and conversion rate, are in line with our subjective expectations. 