3 - Status as a Fundamental Motive, Status Consumption and Well-being Georgios Tamiolakis, PhD student, AUEB, Athens, Greece George Baltas, Gregory Painesis From an evolutionary perspective, the pursuit of social status is a fundamental human motive that often drives consumption of luxury products. This study explores the relationships among status-seeking behavior, conspicuous consumption of prestigious products and subjective well-being. In particular, we examine the link between status as a fundamental motive, subjective evaluation of life satisfaction, and the experience of positive and negative emotions. We consider the possible mediating role of the consumption of luxury goods that symbolize success and achievement and we try to determine the relationships among these constructs. Evolutionary psychologists suggest that there are two viable, yet distinct, strategies to attain and maintain status in human societies: Dominance, i.e., the use of force, intimidation, and coercion to induce fear and attain a social status and Prestige, i.e., the possession and sharing of valuable skills or expertise to gain respect and recognition. Therefore, a general status motive may lead people to engage in either dominance-based or prestige-based routes to status attainment. Dominance and prestige are characterized by distinct traits, emotions and behaviors as well as distinct signaling mechanisms. This study develops and empirically tests a model that shows that the effect of status seeking behavior on an individual’s subjective well-being is mediated by status consumption, only in the case of dominance-based strategy. Furthermore, we consider two distinct buying patterns of status consumption: bandwagon and snobbish status consumption. We find that bandwagon status consumption has a positive effect on well-being. Surprisingly, our findings reveal that snobbish buying behavior has a negative effect on well-being. In addition, the prestige-based strategy has a positive direct effect on evaluation of life satisfaction and emotions while the dominance-based strategy has a negative direct effect on the latter. Overall, it appears that the social aspects of consumption are more important drivers of well-being. 