3 - Product Return Increase Sales on E-commerce Sites? -- An Analysis using Matrix Factorization Approach Sohum Mehrotra, Marketing PhD Student, Indiana University at Bloomington, Bloomington, IN Shibo Li, Baohong Sun E-commerce sites make brand selection, pricing, promotion, and return policy decisions across many cross- category/ brand items. Lenient return policies and promotions jointly increase purchase, but the 20-30% return rate is problematic. Therefore, such platforms must consider the positive effects of product return on 1) increasing net sales and 2) encouraging customer exploration of new product categories/brands. Most extant research solely focuses on the return policy of a single product category/brand, which leaves many questions unanswered in the context of e-commerce: 1) what is the interplay of consumer purchase and return decisions and do these decisions spill over to other category/brands? 2) do the promotion methods differentially affect purchase and return decision? 3) how does each promotion method impact immediate sales, return, and across category/brand expansion - all of which subsequently impact net sales? 4) can return policy and promotion design be improved to leverage the effects of product return? In this paper, we propose a nested  hierarchical factorization model to jointly model consumers’ brand purchase and return decisions across many product categories/brands. We adopt the recently developed matrix factorization approach with variational Bayes and stochastic gradient descent. Compared to standard choice models, this ML approach allows us to derive statistical inference, consider a large brand choice set with stock-out consideration, and permit price and promotion coefficients to vary and correlate across brands. The model was applied to across- category/ brand consumer purchase history data that was collected by a flash sale e-commerce website. The results demonstrate the dynamics as well as the interplay between the two decisions. We show the spillover effect of price and promotion on purchase and return across category/brands. By comparing four different promotion types on purchase and return, we provide important actionable implications for marketing practitioners on the improvement of their promotional strategies to improve net sales. 