3 - The Power of Linguistic Similarity in Q&A Communities Hui Cai, Zhongnan University of Economics and Law, Wuhan, China  Yaxuan Ran Q&A communities have become one of the most common approaches for people to get information and exchange ideas. Users pose questions, contribute answers, evaluate answers submitted by others and retrieve existing question- answer pairs for immediate information need. A question may receive many good answers from other users, but not all of them can be accepted by the question-asker or voted up to be the best by other viewers. What factors contribute to the answers that are highly valued by fellow community participants? Except for inherent features of answers, features associated with interactivity between question-answer pairs, such as linguistic similarity, can be effective in predicting the votes of answers. Drawing on similarity theories, we classify three types of linguistic similarity: sentiment, discourse and attribute similarities. We investigate the divergent effects of linguistic similarity between question-answer pairs on the answer score using a dataset from the large Stack Exchange Q&A community. We first use text mining techniques to extract the sentiment, discourse and attribute similarity properties of 34457 question-answer pairs posted from 2012 to 2021. Generalized linear model shows that a stronger trend of sentiment, discourse and attribute similarities leads to higher answer score; in other words, like-minded community members are more inclined to value text content of homophily. However, the strength of this effect is divergent across female and male answerers, such that for answers written by female users, sentiment similarity is stronger in predicting answer quality score, while attribute similarity plays a more important role for answers written by male users. The result provides evidence of gender bias in the Q&A community. We further show the causality of the result with an experiment by leveraging the question-answer pairs randomly selected from our text corpus. Given the importance and prevalence of knowledge sharing, our findings have important implications for online question answering communities to better manage user generated content. 