1 - Measuring Curiosity Trigger in Recommendations: A Deep Learning- based Curiosity-inducing Strategy in Recommender System Pan Li, New York University, New York, NY Alexander Tuzhilin Consumer curiosity is an important topic in the psychology and marketing literature that constitutes a crucial factor for modeling consumer decisions, and curiosity-trigger strategy has shown to be effective across many marketing applications. However, it has yet to be adopted in the design of recommender systems, due to the complexity of recommendation tasks as well as computational reasons. In this paper, based on the information gap theory, we propose a novel deep learning-based model to measure the information gap during the recommendation process and quantify the level of curiosity trigger in each recommended product. Based on the measured curiosity trigger, we subsequently construct a curiosity-aware recommender system that adopts the curiosity-inducing strategy. Through extensive offline experiments conducted on three different applications, we demonstrate that the proposed curiosity- aware recommender system significantly outperforms state-of-the-art recommendation baselines, illustrating the importance of curiosity-trigger strategy in recommendations. Furthermore, we conduct a large-scale online controlled experiment at Alibaba, where our proposed model outperforms the latest product system in the company by 25% in terms of multiple business metrics. We find out that it is most effective to incorporate a medium level of curiosity trigger in recommendations to create enough knowledge gap for consumers to stimulate their curiosity, without pushing them into the realm of receiving irrelevant recommendations. In addition, treatment effects are heterogeneous among  different groups of consumers and it is important to model personalized consumer preferences when adopting the curiosity trigger strategy. Our proposed model is highly flexible and scalable in its practical use across various recommendation scenarios. Due to the significant economic impact demonstrated in this paper, our presented model has been deployed at Alibaba serving the short-video streaming application since February 2020. 