2 - Adding Multiple Platform Apps: The Impact of Introducing a Competing App on the Focal App’s Adoption Rate and Sales Wei Liu, China University of Petroleum (Huadong), Qingdao, China Sha Zhang, Tammo H A Bijmolt, Evert de Haan With platform apps (e.g., Grubhub, Just-Eat, Booking.com) becoming a popular sales channel, firms, especially those in the restaurant- and hotel industries, are adding multiple platform apps to their channel portfolio. Firms’ motivation to add multiple platform apps is to increase exposure and sales  (e.g., Marriott hotels listed on booking.com and on Expedia). Yet some platforms such as Meituan, China’s largest food delivery app, required firms to sign exclusive cooperation agreements, assuming that adding a competing app will cannibalize the adoption rate and sales on Meituan. Previous channel addition literature mainly focuses on adding a single channel and ignores competitive interferences between channels. The impact of adding multiple apps, especially a competing app, on the focal app’s performance has not been examined so far. Does introducing a competing app cannibalize or enhance a focal app’s adoption rate and sales? How do introducing timing, store size, and age moderate the effect? We use social contagion theory and associative network theory to develop hypotheses. To test the hypotheses, we analyze a unique dataset of 220,108 customers’ 513,249 purchase records between 1/1/2015 and 30/06/2016, where 18 stores based in Beijing from a restaurant chain added multiple food delivery platform apps. We use the Bass model for adoption of the app and meta-analysis methodology to obtain results across the stores. Interestingly, the results show that adding a competing app has synergistic effects on the focal app’s adoption rate and sales. This effect is moderated by competing app addition timing, where the positive impact increases if the new app is introduced later. Thus, this study provides relevant new insights on the phenomenon of adding multiple platform apps. 