2 - Sales Impacts of Live-streaming Video Ads Zining Wang, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, BC, Canada Yanwen Wang, Shuai Yang, Hongju Liu Live-streaming shopping has reshaped E-commerce with the entertaining, immersive and interactive experience it provides. Despite the boom of live-streaming, the sales impacts of live-streaming video ads remain unclear. In this work, we investigate the long-run sales impacts of live- streaming video ads using a large-scale scanner dataset retrieved from a leading online marketplace in China. We estimate live-streaming elasticities for 304 national and international apparel brands. The documented live-streaming elasticities could serve as a reference for practitioners and marketing researchers in the rapidly evolving live-streaming economy. In order to provide generalizable estimates of live-streaming effects, we include fixed effects to control for a range of confounding sources in our model design, and utilize the institutional details of live-streaming video ad scheduling for model identification. Our estimates on live-streaming elasticities are robust, given the adjustment of confounding sources and model specifications. Our empirical analysis  suggests that for about two-third of the brands, live-streaming video ads on E-commerce platforms have significant sales impacts on the promoted products. Given the median brand, a 100% increase in its live-streaming ads tends to increase the current and future sales of its promoted products by 23.9%. In addition, the effectiveness of live-streaming video ads tends to vary by host types. In particular, a 100% increase in live- streaming ads hosted by the median brand’s live-streaming channels corresponds to a 29.8% increase in sales, while the sales lift related to star, platform and micro influencers are 17.9%, 11.7% and 8.8%, respectively. The difference in influencer-specific live-streaming effects are likely to be triggered by traits of influencers rather than audience size. Finally, metrics of brand strength, including market share and pricing power, moderate live-streaming effects, such that high market-share brands and affordable brands can get the most out of live-streaming advertising. 