3 - Post Versus Product Engagement of Influencer Endorsement Posts Andres Musalem, U. of Chile, Santiago, Chile Jan Klostermann, Martin Meissner Influencer endorsements have become a key component of digital marketing strategies. Influencers compete for social media users’ attention by creating visually appealing content, and companies sponsor influencers who then endorse their products in personal posts. To measure the effectiveness of social media influencer (SMI) campaigns, marketers commonly track post engagement in the form of likes and comments received by sponsored posts. These metrics, however, do not allow marketers to fully assess the extent to which influencers succeed in directing attention to endorsed products. In this paper, in addition to post engagement, we consider a more direct metric of product engagement, which relies on the number of comments related to the endorsed product in a  social media post. We outline a theoretical framework based on vision research that elucidates attentional processes, which differentially affect post and product engagement in the influencer marketing context. In particular, we hypothesize that SMIs face multiple tradeoffs between post and product engagement when creating and posting brand-sponsored content in social media. These hypotheses are tested by analyzing more than 6,000 influencer product endorsement posts on Instagram across two product categories. Our results reveal that some visual features that enhance post engagement decrease product engagement and vice versa. For example, the presence of a human face and smaller product depiction size drive post engagement but reduce product engagement. We then investigate whether these tradeoffs are moderated by the sender of the post. Accordingly, we compare SMI posts with brand-generated posts from the same product category and show that post and product engagement are positively correlated for brand posts, but not for SMI posts. This finding shows that the post vs. product engagement tradeoffs proposed in our theoretical framework apply to SMI posts, but not brand posts. Hence, empirical findings for brand post-engagement cannot be generalized to SMI posts. 