1 - A Research on How to Build Brand Loyalty from Consumer-brand Relationship, While Identifying the Priority Among Brand Building Mediators Akihiro Inoue, Keio University, Yokohama-City, Japan Laduree Yuanchen Chen The marketing plan of customer relationship management (CRM) has been a key issue so as to build brand loyalty. There exist several factors that are used for CRM and considered to have the effects on brand loyalty, such as brand love, brand evangelism. In this research, we attempted to identify the structural relationships and the priority among the factors so as to develop CRM program by applying the framework to K-Pop groups. Khamitov, Wang, and Thomson (2019) present the brand relationship elasticity of brand relationship factors on customer brand loyalty via the meta-analysis. Based on their conceptual framework, we focus on the two variables  for customer-brand relationships (brand love and emotional brand attachment) and the four mediator variables between customer-brand relationships and brand loyalty (brand evangelism, brand worship, brand co-creation, and bran two-way communication). We apply the above framework to the Japanese funs of the two K-Pop groups (BTS and TWICE), very popular among the Japanese as well as the many other countries. In terms of the degree of involvement and the development of brand loyalty, some secondary data show the extreme high level for BTS and the moderate level for TWICE. We collected the data (N=216) via a marketing research company in December 2021 with some screening conditions such as in past 5 years at least 5 times participated to either BTS or TWICE live concerts, at least $700 spent on official goods of either group, age, and so on. We run the structural equation modeling on the data and found the significant direct effects and the mediator effects of the variables of concern. Furthermore, by running the multiple group analyses, we found the heterogeneous structure between the two groups and found the similar heterogeneity between the super-high and high involvement groups. The details are to be mentioned in the presentation. 