4 - The Impact of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) on Online Tracking Karlo Lukic, Goethe University Frankfurt, Frankfurt, Germany Klaus Miller, Bernd Skiera We determine whether GDPR’s enforcement increased users’ online privacy by decreasing the quantity and intensity of online tracking. We exploit a difference-in-differences design to evaluate the effect of GDPR’s enforcement using a balanced panel of 713 websites visited by 5 million EU and US users browsing 2.6 billion web pages of these websites between April 2018 and December 2019. We reveal that the quantity of online tracking, measured by the number of trackers and tracker providers, increased over time; websites that comply with GDPR use 19 trackers (12 tracker providers) on average in the entire post-GDPR period. Without GDPR, they would have used 21 trackers (13 tracker providers). We show that the intensity of online tracking, measured by the share of tracked web pages per site and the amount of user data transferred per tracker, decreased over time; websites that have to comply with GDPR track 26% of web pages on average in the entire post-GDPR period (3MB of user data transferred per tracker). Without GDPR, they would have tracked 29% of web pages (4MB of user data transferred per tracker). So, GDPR’s enforcement decreased the average number of trackers on each website by 2 trackers or -9% (1 tracker provider or -9%) and the average share of tracked pages per site by 3 percentage points (1MB of user data transferred per tracker), having a minor positive impact on users’ online privacy. We find that the enforcement of the law decreased advertising, analytics, and essential trackers on business, entertainment, and news sites - emphasizing a  minor positive impact on users’ privacy. We conclude that the GDPR’s enforcement increased users’ privacy to a small extent. However, the overall increasing trend of the quantity of online tracking after the introduction of the GDPR poses a justifiable privacy concern for users. 