1 - Advertising and Privacy in Differentiated Markets Ruizhi Zhu, University of Toronto, Toronto, ON, Canada Sridhar Moorthy, Xianwen Shi Firms often advertise their products through third-party platforms such as Facebook and Google. Consumer privacy regulation affects what information a platform can collect from consumers and what information it can share with potential advertisers for targeting purposes. In turn, those constraints may affect advertising prices, product prices, and whether consumers are exposed to relevant ads or irrelevant ads. We develop a model to examine the equilibrium implications of privacy regulation on consumer welfare focusing purely on its utilitarian aspects. Specifically, we are interested in asking whether all consumers will have the same stance toward privacy regulations or whether some would prefer stricter privacy rules while others prefer looser privacy rules. Our analysis focuses on the two extremes privacy regulation can take: no privacy and full privacy. Under the former, the platform observes consumer preferences and allows firms to target ads based on those preferences; under the latter, ad targeting is not possible. We show that if consumers are horizontally differentiated, then the welfare impact of privacy regulation depends on whether the platform is paid on a cost per click (CPC) basis or a cost per impression (CPM) basis. Under CPM, mass- market consumers prefer full privacy, niche consumers prefer no privacy, and the platform itself prefers no privacy. Under CPC, however, all parties—mass-market consumers, niche consumers and the platform—are indifferent between the two privacy modes. Given the choice, the platform would prefer to price ads on a CPC basis in both privacy modes. The  results can be extended to more general privacy modes and an non-monotone relationship between expected payoffs and privacy level is found for both consumers and the platform. If consumers are vertically differentiated and both high- and low-value consumers are served, then all ads will be clicked and the two payment schemes are identical. High-value consumers prefer full privacy, low-value consumers prefer no privacy, and the platform prefers no privacy. 