2 - The Role of Community Shared Purpose in Online Community Dynamics Yaniv Dover, The Jerusalem School of Business Administration, Jerusalem, Israel Martina Pocchiari The importance of online communities to marketers has been demonstrated in the literature, yet there is limited large- scale empirical evidence that can provide insight into what makes some online communities successful, while others  are not. Here, we study the role of a fundamental aspect of online community success: the shared purpose around which the community is formed. Even though the shared purpose of communities is the core reason that communities exist and thrive, there is little empirical evidence to support and quantify its role in real-life settings. In this study, we leverage pseudo-experimental conditions in the context of sports fan communities to investigate how shocks to a community’s purpose affect community dynamics. Using a difference-in- difference framework, we find that negative-vs-positive shocks decrease activity and engagement in online communities, and that the effect of negative shocks is absorbed differentially across community members. In particular, negative shocks mainly impede the activity of the community’s core -- the most highly connected, active, and central community members. This pattern of results is also reflected in the post-shock changes to the social network structures of the affected communities. Negative shocks induce members to interact with fewer peers, and within smaller social cliques. In other words, the networks become more centralized and localized after a negative shock. In terms of user-generated content, we find that negative-vs-positive shocks also reduce the energy level in the discussion - measured through the magnitude of arousal in community discussions - and impede expressions of group affiliation. Finally, in a series of heterogeneity and subgroup analyses, we find that the baseline effects are sensitive to the prior expectations of the community members. In particular, the more unexpected the negative shocks are, the stronger the disruption that occurs to the activity and functioning of online communities. We discuss the managerial implications of our findings to marketers in the context of online communities. 