2 - How Does a Standard to Implement Privacy Regulations Affect Tracked Web Traffic? Evidence from IAB’s Transparency and Consent Framework Yuxi Jin, Goethe University Frankfurt, Frankfurt, Germany Bernd Skiera Under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), firms in the online advertising industry need to get tracked web traffic while fulfilling the legal obligations. Nevertheless, flexible requirements and heterogeneous interpretations make regulatory compliance difficult and costly. Many firms have participated in IAB’s Transparency and Consent Framework (TCF), the most prominent industry standard to  help implement privacy regulations. Yet, it is unclear how TCF participation affects the tracked web traffic of ad-tech vendors and publishers (websites) in terms of quantity and quality. The analysis of panel data covering 30 months with 1,242 vendors and 6,758 publishers yields that the TCF participation decreases tracked web traffic for vendors by 8.42% (page loads) but not for publishers. Such decrease, if any, reflects that fewer data are collected from users, evidence of enhanced privacy protection. Compared to publishers, the relative negative impact on vendors is likely explained by their passive role in getting user consent. We identify that vendors face a quantity-quality trade-off when deciding on TCF participation while publishers do not. Specifically, vendors receive the same number of requests per page load as before, but the share of requests with tracking increases by 40.78%, incurring an overall rise of 28.92% tracked requests that gain vendors higher profit than the non-tracked ones. Publishers get fewer requests (10.86%) with a stable share of tracked requests. Moreover, the TCF changes the bipartite network of vendors and publishers, which explains the heterogeneous outcomes. Conducting an event study, we find that TCF vendors are more likely to work with safer publishers that receive requests less likely to be blocked by browser extensions over time. Our findings are generalizable to the increasing number of privacy laws worldwide. The results also recognize the efficiency brought by a standard when implementing cross-regional policies with flexible requirements. 