8 - An Analysis of Activating Communication on Website Between Users by the Propensity Score Considering the Heterogeneity of the Questioner Maika Sasaki, University of Tsukuba, Tokyo, Japan Keisuke Ishibashi, Ozaki Koken We analyzed how the reactions of other users to the behavior of one user affect the re-behavior of the same user on an online website, which belongs to C to C interaction. Specifically, using the data from the Question and Answer website for parents raising children, we analyzed what kind of answers to the questions to activate the website would make it easier for the same questioner to ask the next question in a short period of time. The answer to the question is regarded as a treatment, and the effect on the time until the next question is analyzed for each treatment - a quick answer, a good answer and a long sentence answer. By aligning the covariates such as the attributes of the questioner between the treatment group and the control group, we used the propensity score and excluded the effects of differences in covariates from the effects of the treatment. Although the propensity score has the problem that the unobserved covariates could not be balanced, but in this study, by incorporating different random intercepts for each questioner into the propensity score calculation model, we could balance the heterogeneity of unobserved questioners. As a result of the analysis, if the questioner is the first answer to the question and the answer is a good answer, the time until the next question by the same questioner is  shortened. The finding has important implications for firms operating online website that want to better examine how to activate the website. 9 - Product-line Design with Consumer Habit Formation Dawei Jian, University of California-Riverside, Riverside, CA Consumers’ repeated purchasing behavior prompts them to form a habit. How should the firm design the product line? We study a new product line design problem, where the consumer’s private valuation fluctuates endogenously over time as driven by consumer habit formation. By leaving the consumer a stake in the future, the optimal prices resemble the advance selling and price discount structure to prevent the well-known cannibalization problem. The firm should design the product line quality to internalize both contemporaneous externalities caused by cannibalization and intertemporal externalities due to habit formation. The optimal quality characterizes two effects of consumer habit. Despite the direct welfare effect that increases future surplus, habit formation exhibits indirect strategic effect: by changing future consumer heterogeneity, habit formation can either exacerbate or alleviate the cannibalization problem, depending on whether the formation process is strong or weak. We also provide practical implications to guide the practice. First, we identify reasons why firms should consider valuation endogeneity when selling the goods: it can leverage consumer uncertainty, exploit consumer habits, and homogenize consumer preferences. Understanding these economic forces can help avoid the pitfalls in product-line design. Second, we discuss when promotions fail to benefit the firm, and provide the firm to carefully promote: either low-end consumers have sufficient mass, or habit formation is sufficiently weak, excessive promotions can hurt the firm. 10- How Does Bundling Affect Consumer Evaluation of Co-branded Services? Chia-Lin Lee, Taiwan Tech, Taipei, Taiwan One important parameter for defining various types of co- branded services involves the level of integration, that is, how closely two brands are linked in form and function. Previous studies have shown that when two brands are combined, their values influence each other only at a higher integration level. However, extant research in this field totally neglects whether consumers deem the offerings of brands to be a bundle—the bundling effect. The purpose of this paper is to bridge this critical gap. This study uses a mathematical model to illustrate our theory-driven proposition. Then, survey data are used to test the proposition empirically. The results show that, in the low-integrated co-branded services, the bundling  effect makes the partnering brands a composite offering in which the perceived performance of one brand can affect that of the other. Consequently, the values of both brands can be mutually affected. To the best of the authors’ knowledge, this research is the first to identify the bundling effect in co- branded services research. 11- The Heterogeneous Impact of Discount Coupons on Customer In-app Behaviors: Evidence from Field Experiment and Causal Forests Miyeon Jung, University of Nevada, Las Vegas, NV Seoungwoo Lee, Shiny Ahn, Daegon Cho The majority of customers nowadays go through the purchase funnel entirely on mobile in many product categories, and a growing number of retailers deploy a mobile-first strategy that prioritizes serving them. This paper investigates the effectiveness of mobile coupons that may vary across the purchase funnel stages in which these mobile-only customers are located. The authors conducted a randomized field experiment with a major fashion retailer in Korea and found differential impacts of coupons across the funnel stages in a causal manner. They found that customers in the middle stage, who show a moderate level of interest in a product by putting it in a wishlist, respond positively to a coupon. A better coupon that offers a deeper discount makes customers in the early stages increase their purchase likelihood, but the better coupon has no impact in the late stage. Also, the authors measured the heterogeneous effects of the coupons within each funnel stage by utilizing the Causal Forest method with very detailed in-app behavior data. While certain degrees of heterogeneity exist in every stage of the funnel, the customers in the middle stage show the highest level of heterogeneity. Further, the authors identified customer behaviors associated with positive heterogeneous effects; specifically, they found that 1) adding and then removing a product from a wishlist and 2) searching a product on the app’s home screen are the customer behaviors positively associated with higher purchase likelihoods. The results and their simulation analysis indicate that retailers can substantially improve coupon effectiveness by individually targeting customers in the middle stage of the purchase funnel based on their past in-app behaviors. 12- The Role of Intertemporal Budget Constraint in Competitive Market for Non-durable Seasonal Goods Shiyu Yang, Tongji University, Shanghai, China Ye Qiu  Recent studies suggest that it is common for consumers, especially Gen Z, to delay purchasing behavior due to revolving credit card debt. Thus, intertemporal budget constraint should be an important factor while modeling consumers purchasing behavior. This study developed a two-period model to investigate the outcome of the price competition between two firms sealing non-durable seasonal goods to strategic consumers. We captured two dimensions of competition: firms competing with its rival and firms competing with its future self. We find out that under certain conditions, competition will be reduced after introducing a rival into the Coase framework. This is because that firms’ responses in the second period induced by price reduction of the focal firm in the first period make consumers prefer to buy its enemy’s product at full price. This leads to a smaller demand increase in the first period of the focal firm compare to what happened in the monopoly case. We also established that the emergence of BNPL (buy now pay later) which relaxes consumers budget constraints can improve the social welfare by reduce the product price and sometimes increase market coverage. Moreover, both firms and consumers benefit from BNPL in equilibrium. 14- Understanding Impact of Ad Length on Campaign Performance with Amazon Audio Ads Alyson Sprague, Amazon, San Francisco, CA Luba Smolensky We seek to understand the impact of ad length on Amazon audio ad campaign performance, and provide ad length recommendations based on a brand’s campaign goals. We measured four KPIs to achieve this objective using both 1P Amazon retail metrics and 3P brand lift metrics. For instance, we reviewed ad length impact on ad recall, reported brand favorability, and reported consideration using third-party brand lift insights. Furthermore, we analyzed Amazon detail page view rate to evaluate brand consideration for brands that sell products on Amazon. We also controlled for campaign length and frequency to ensure performance was influenced mostly by ad length and not other campaign factors. This research identified three data-backed recommendations to help determine the right ad length for advertiser’s Amazon Ads audio campaigns. First, we’ve found in our study that ad length did impact performance. We recommend brands use these insights to plan their Amazon Ads audio campaign, selecting the ad length most appropriate for their campaign goal. Second, we recommend brands aiming to improve upper-funnel metrics use shorter ad lengths (:10-:20seconds), as these ad lengths tended to work better in these metrics. Lastly, we recommend brands  aiming to improve mid-funnel metrics use longer audio ads (:21-:30seconds), as these ad lengths tended to work better in driving DPVR and reported consideration. 15- Influencing the Influencer with Consumer Bias Luying Wang, Tianjin University, Tianjin, China Yunchuan Liu We study the effects of consumer bias on marketer engagement in word of mouth. Influencer posts product review to followers of different beliefs and allows sponsorship from marketer for product promotion. We set up a game theory model to formulate the interaction between firm and influencer. We also use Bayesian persuasion with multiple receivers to model the effect of influencer’s product review on consumers’ belief updating. Our results suggest that consumer heterogeneity plays an important role in marketer’s engagement in influencing marketing on sponsorship volume and product sales. Improved marketing efficiency is achieved through the endogeny of consumer prior belief from homogeneity to heterogeneity. A marketer may strategically target consumer segments based on consumer bias on prior belief through announcing sponsorship disclosure extent in influencer’s review. Interestingly, marketer partially sponsors influencer is optimal even if consumer’s prior belief is at a high level and marketer partially sponsors influencer is optimal even though consumer’s prior belief is at a low level. Sometimes even consumer’s belief shows a positive bias on product, the marketer may still be hurt from a higher sponsorship to increase influencer’s incentive to post review. Counter intuitively, we find sometimes consumer’s positive bias may hurt the firm but benefit consumers even the actual product fit isn’t high enough. 16- Understanding and Improving Fairness- accuracy Trade-offs in Multi-task Learning Yuyan Wang, Google Research, Mountain View, CA Xuezhi Wang, Alex Beutel, Flavien Prost, Jilin Chen, Ed H. Chi As multi-task models gain popularity in a wider range of machine learning applications, it is becoming increasingly important for practitioners to understand the fairness implications associated with those models. Most existing fairness literature focuses on learning a single task more fairly, while how ML fairness interacts with multiple tasks in the joint learning setting is largely under-explored. In this paper, we are concerned with how group fairness (e.g., equal opportunity, equalized odds) as an ML fairness concept plays out in the multi-task scenario. In multi-task learning, several tasks are learned jointly to exploit task correlations for a more efficient inductive transfer. This presents a multi- dimensional Pareto frontier on (1) the trade-off between group fairness and accuracy with respect to each task, as well  as (2) the trade-offs across multiple tasks. We aim to provide a deeper understanding on how group fairness interacts with accuracy in multi-task learning, and we show that traditional approaches that mainly focus on optimizing the Pareto frontier of multi-task accuracy might not perform well on fairness goals. We propose a new set of metrics to better capture the multi-dimensional Pareto frontier of fairness- accuracy trade-offs uniquely presented in a multi-task learning setting. We further propose a Multi-Task-Aware Fairness (MTA-F) approach to improve fairness in multi-task learning. Experiments on several real-world datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed approach. 17- Sponsored Advertising Bid Management Tools in Online Marketplace Wenxiao Yang, University of Illinois, Champaign, IL Yunchuan Liu In this paper, we investigate the strategic role of bid management tools provided by platforms in online marketplaces. Bid management tools (for example, broad match, automatic and flexible bidding) are provided by platforms to help advertisers bid for sponsored advertising slots. Previous research has focused on the role of these tools in reducing advertisers’ management costs and varying advertisers’ bids; tools with lower accuracy than advertisers’ self-management accuracy are typically provided to increase profits in search engines. However, the effects of these tools change in online marketplaces. We develop a game-theoretical model of a platform and two competing sellers. Despite the roles studied previously, bid management tools can also help match sellers with their target consumers, benefiting both sellers and the platform. In contrast to previous research, tools with higher accuracy than advertisers’ self-management accuracy can be provided in some situations. Since the platform generates revenue through sponsored advertising’s auction payments and sales commissions on products sold by sellers, higher tool accuracy can increase profit by higher commission but lower auction payment. Surprisingly, we find that a higher commission rate doesn’t always correspond to higher optimal tool accuracy. In some cases, the platform with a lower commission rate would set higher tool accuracy because of the effect of attracting sellers into auctions. 18- The In-Store Experience Induces Price Primacy Amongst Online Shoppers Nicolette Sullivan, The London School of Economics and Political Science, London, United Kingdom Ling-Ling Zhou, Gavan Fitzsimons  Physical stores often offer a website or app as an alternative, and we know little about how information search differs - especially if these experiences occur in sequence or simultaneously. However, changes to information search, such as the order of information acquisition or time dwelt on specific attributes, have a large influence on choice. Here, participants shopped for haptic products such as carpets, and experienced an online or in-store experience first, or both simultaneously. The online experience allowed participants to view product information by hovering over attribute (e.g., price) with a mouse cursor. The in-store experience allowed participants to touch and hold the products and view the price. Participants then ranked the products and were told, without deception, that one participant would receive their highest-ranked option installed in their home. We found that participants viewed price first and for longer when the in-store experience came first, and induced more transitions from price to brand information, and fewer transitions between haptic or quality information such as ratings and material, compared to performing the online experience first. By contrast, when able to view online information while holding the products, participants viewed price less. A condition in which only online information was available induced more gaze to quality information such as reviews. Together, this indicates that the order in which each shopping context is experienced alters the order of information acquisition. 19- Have I Seen You Before? Measuring The Value of Tracking for Digital Advertising Grazia Cecere, Institut Mines-Telecom Business School, Evry, France Sarah Lemaire We investigate the effect of privacy protection rules on targeting efficiency and ad prices. We use a change in Apple’s privacy policy the App Tracking Transparency option, as a natural experiment. Introduced in Spring 2021, this new feature of the iOS 14 aims at providing smartphone users with more control over their data. It requires app developers to request explicit permission to track users beyond the app in use. However, this privacy policy is expected to reduce ad effectiveness on mobile devices. To assess the effect of the policy, we use an original database of estimated Facebook ad performances in the US market. We compare the outcomes of ad campaigns targeting iOS users versus Android users. The results suggest a reduction in targeting efficiency and ad prices for ads aimed at iOS users compared to Android users. 20- Reducing Discrimination with Information: Evidence from Online Labor Platforms Ozge Demirci, University of Warwick, London, United Kingdom  Freelancing platforms have gained enormous popularity, connecting millions of employers and freelancers worldwide. These online labor markets enable workers worldwide to supply their labor globally by reducing transaction and search costs. Although online platforms reduce certain costs by making global labor markets more accessible, some information asymmetries also persist in these markets. Particularly when employers are from high-income countries, such informational frictions may disadvantage freelancers from developing countries relative to those from high- income countries. As a result, freelancers in developing countries who compete in global online markets tend to face information asymmetries that lead them to accept less than optimal wages. In this paper, I study the wage gap between developing and developed countries’ freelancers in digital labor platforms and explain the mechanisms driving this gap. I have focused on one of the largest global freelancing platforms and created a unique panel dataset including over 100,000 freelancers and their labor market activities over a year. I find that freelancers from developing countries earn 34 percent less than those from developed countries after controlling for individual characteristics and cross-country pricing levels. However, the penalty on wages linked to the country of origin decreases as contractors provide more standardized information about their skills. For instance, higher levels of experience, higher reputation scores, providing information on educational background, or standardized test scores benefit freelancers’ from developing countries disproportionally more. This paper contributes to the growing literature of discrimination in online platforms by showing that having higher reputation scores or detailed profile descriptions can benefit freelancers from developing countries more and help to modify inaccurate beliefs about their quality. 21- Biased Recommendation with Superior Knowledge under Discrimination Compliance Zibin Xu, City University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong Michelle Lu With superior consumer information, an intermediary platform such as Netflix or Amazon can customize recommendation to facilitate consumer preference learning and product matching. However, these platforms may have biased incentives to steer consumers into accepting recommendations with higher payoffs. This incentive leads to consumer suspicions of the platform’s potential abuse of superior information. In this proposal, we develop a game theoretical model to examine the strategic interactions between an intermediary seller with biased incentives and consumers with noisy prior of intrinsic match values. Our research questions focus on the profit and welfare implications under different compliance policies, which  regard discrimination based on the consumers’ personal information, behavioural data, or intrinsic preference types. Our preliminary results suggest that it may be more profitable for the platform to refrain from using personal data in behavioural targeted recommendations, even though the additional information may improve the accuracy of identifying consumers’ intrinsic match values. In addition, the current data policy that requires the platform to reveal its collected behavioural data to consumers may harm the consumers by reducing the overall relevancy of equilibrium product recommendations. 22- Sharing Bike-sharing and Car-sharing? An Empirical Analysis Yiqi Li, Ross School of Business, University of Michigan Ann Arbor, Ann Arbor, MI Puneet Manchanda, Emanuel Schuster, Martin Spann Bike-sharing and car-sharing are important components of the Sharing Economy. However, it is not clear whether these two are complements or substitutes. Using data from a company that offers both modes (though under different brands), we propose a Nested-Logit structural approach to analyze how nearby cars (bikes) affect bike (car) sharing demand at the station-level. Besides, we also examine the behavior of individuals who use both car-sharing and bike-sharing. The results show that more cars (bikes) reduce the bike (car) sharing demand nearby, especially for car-sharing. Overall, our results suggest that bike-sharing and car-sharing are substitutes to each other respect to the number of bookings. 23- Informational Components of the Social Spread of Digital Content Bruce Dore, McGill University, Montreal, QC, Canada Marketing research has identified correlates of the spread of digital content but has not yet identified patterns of text meaning that predict this spread with high accuracy. We used machine learning to develop a language-based signature of information sharing, trained on over 3 million messages from social media. Specifically, we apply a technique known as word embeddings to represent the meaning of social media posts. Next, we use these embedding vectors as input variables to a partial least squares model trained to predict sharing counts. This resulted in a linguistic signature of social sharing: a pattern of regression weights across semantic vectors. This signature predicted sharing with substantially higher accuracy than models drawn from prior theory, generalizing across content categories, publishers, and time. Signature expression was not highly predictive of excess message liking or commenting, suggesting that it is not an index of positive evaluation or general engagement, but specific to social transmission. The components of  this signature spanned multiple psychological categories, including negative affect, temporal focus, social perspective, and perceptual processes, with no single category necessary or sufficient for the signature’s overall predictive efficacy. Finally, we show that contextualized, publisher-specific versions of the signature reach even higher accuracy than the generalizable ‘one-size-fits-all’ version, indicating that the content drivers of information sharing vary substantially by context. Overall, this work derives an interpretable text-analytic model of the sharing potential of information, providing a basis for new taxonomies of the content dimensions and social processes that drive the spread of information at scale. 24- Sponsored Search Auction and the Revenue- maximizing Number of Ads Per Page Pallavi Pal, Stevens Institute of Technology, Hoboken, NJ In this paper, I derive a new method to identify the distribution of the advertiser’s ad-value in the sponsored search auction, explicitly looking at weighted Generalized Second Price auction. Compared to previous literature, this method incorporates a weaker and more realistic assumption of incomplete information. Additionally, I evaluate how much the advertisers shade their bid below their value, defined as bid shading amount. The results show that the bid shading is minimal; the 50th percentile of the bid shading upper bound is below 0.2% of their value. The low amount of bid shading is due to a high level of competition in the online ad market. Additionally, I apply the derived distribution to look at the effect of externality on the search engine’s revenue from ads. Firms use advertising as a medium to gain a competitive advantage, which is negatively affected if the ad appears alongside their rival’s ad -- a form of externality. I estimate a structural model based on a novel data set of Yahoo! ads to quantify the effect of externality on an advertiser’s value and then simulate the revenue-maximizing number of ads. I find that externality depends on the quality and quantity of competing ads. For example, in the laptop category, an advertiser’s willingness to pay decreases by thirty-two percent due to the addition of a second high-quality ad, but only by eleven percent due to a low-quality ad. Furthermore, the counterfactual results suggest that the revenue-maximizing number of ads per page differs across the ad product category, with five ads per page on average. Implementing the recommended number of ads would lead to, on average, a 4.5 percent increase in revenue. These results provide evidence supporting the recent changes in the online advertising market; for example, Microsoft introduced a service called RAIS that provides advertisers with an option of an exclusive ad display.  25- Understanding Influencer Advertising - A Machine Learning Approach Hyunsang Son, The University of New Mexico, Albuquerque, NM As consumers increasingly relying on peer-to-peer communications, influencer marketing, which uses the influencers- individuals who post to their social media accounts in exchange for compensation (Agrawal, 2016) is also frequently used. For example, 93% of marketers use influencer advertising (Fertik, 2020), and it is expected that the marketing budget for influencer advertising is expected to reach $15 billion by 2022 (Insider Intelligence, 2021). However, despite the exponential usage of these social media influencers, the effects of influencer advertising are still questionable by showing a median engagement rate per post is .08% on Facebook, .98% on Instagram, and .045% on Twitter (Feehan, 2021). Thus, this research aims to understand how different features influence the effectiveness of influencer advertising on Instagram to generate more engagement using cutting-edge machine learning techniques. 