4 - The Impact of Consumer Mobility and Store Flux on Consumer Response to Geo-fenced Promotional Ads: A Deep Learning Approach Sanjana Surange, Texas A&M University, College Station, TX  Venkatesh Shankar Consumer mobility is reshaping advertising spending. The average American drives nearly 30 miles for about 59 minutes every day and makes purchase decisions based on their mobility. Accordingly, marketers’ spending on location-based advertising is growing rapidly and is projected to reach $33 billion by 2023. Advertisers constantly seek a better understanding of how consumers’ geo-location and activities in the spatio-temporal dimension (driving trajectory) impact their response to promotional ads and purchase decisions. Prior research has studied human mobility in the contexts of telecom network expansion, traffic management, urban planning, and healthcare outcomes. However, research on consumer driving trajectories and their impact on in-store purchases is sparse. We analyze the impact of store flux (density of consumer driving trajectories in a store vicinity) on consumer response to geo-fenced promotional ads and in-store purchases. Using a unique dataset comprising over 427,000 users of a popular mobile app for safe driving, we address two important research questions: (1) How does store flux influence geo-fenced promotional ad effectiveness and in-store purchases of consumers? and (2) What segments can be extracted from an analysis of the responses to geo-fenced promotional ads and purchases? We develop a human mobility model to extract the driving trajectories of app users and propose a framework to define consumer mobility and store flux. We then use sequential deep learning models to extract consumer lifestyle patterns using their driving trajectories. Using these lifestyle patterns and store flux, we explain and predict consumer response to geo-fenced ads and their in-store purchases. Our results demonstrate the incremental value of consumer mobility and driving trajectories (beyond demographics) in explaining and predicting consumer response to geo-fenced promotional ads and in-store purchases. They also help better identify consumer segments and make more fine-tuned targeting decisions. 