3 - A Volumetric Choice Experiment Approach to Estimating the Elasticities of Demand for Cigarettes and Waterpipe Tobacco in Three Eastern Mediterranean Countries Ali Chalak, American University of Beirut, Beirut, Lebanon Ramzi G Salloum, Rima Nakkash, Niveen M Abu-Rmeileh, Yousef Khader, Mohammed Jawad, Aya Mostafa, Ruba Abla, Jordan Louviere Stated preference (SP) methods can be useful in understanding consumers’ demand for products that have adverse health impacts and yet for which there is little market and economics evidence. They can fill such knowledge gaps and contribute rich insights to the formulation of evidence-based fiscal policies aimed at harm reduction. Yet the standard discrete choice experiment (DCE) format can be restrictive in situations where more than one product and multiple units can be purchased. In this study, we employ instead a volumetric choice experiment (VCE) to accommodate these features in the demand for cigarettes and waterpipe tobacco products, and estimate own- and cross-price elasticities for them in Lebanon (n=1680), Jordan (n=1925) and Palestine (n=1679). We conducted nationally- representative household surveys to elicit respondents’ stated purchases of eight cigarette and waterpipe tobacco product varieties by hypothetically varying prices. Data were  analyzed using zero-inflated Poisson models. We found the demand for premium cigarettes to be price elastic (range, -1.0 - -1.2) across all three countries, whereas the demand for discount cigarettes was less elastic than premium cigarettes in Lebanon (-0.6) and Jordan (-0.7) and more elastic in Palestine (-1.2). The demand for premium waterpipe tobacco was highly elastic in Lebanon (-1.9), moderately elastic in Jordan (-0.6), and inelastic in Palestine (0.2). The cross-price elasticity between cigarettes and waterpipe tobacco was near zero, suggesting the two products are not close substitutes. These VCE estimates serve as a strong evidence base for developing and implementing fiscal policies for tobacco control in the Eastern Mediterranean region. Saturday, 12:45pm–1:45pm POSTERS Gathertown Poster Session Poster Session 