1 - Pandemic Response: How SARS Impacted Consumption of Food Prepared away from Home Hui Wang, University of Guelph, Guelph, ON, Canada Tirtha Dhar The pandemic of COVID-19 has been the most pressing challenge facing the world today. Every aspect of life has been disrupted and consumers need to modify their routine activities under the uncertainty of how the pandemic plays out in the future. In this essay we attempt to understand how consumers change their consumption activities to respond to the uncertainty in their environmental surroundings by investigating the impacts of the pandemic on consumer’s eating habits of food prepared away from home (FAFH). During a pandemic with a high death roll, safety is the top priority and when making dine-out decisions, consumers need to consider the risk of being infected by the disease and the penitential of giving the virus to others. In this paper, we focus on multistage purchase decisions, including dine-out (i.e., participation) decision, the selection of food type decision (such as beef, chicken, pork) conditional on deciding to dine out, and the food orders making decisions conditional on a specific type of food is chosen at the second stage. In this paper we use dataset from Canadian National Panel Division Group’s Consumer Reports on Eating Share Trends (NPD Group’s CREST) during year 2000-2006 to study the impact of the severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) pandemic outbreak in year 2003 on the consumption of FAFH. We measure the severity of the SARS outbreak from three aspects: the counts of news articles reported on SARS, negative sentiments and the SARS word frequency in the SARS news articles. Our estimation results of econometric models show that the SARS index by using negative sentiments has significant interaction. That means, compared to non-Ontarians, Ontarians were less likely to dine out when the news articles on SARS had more negative sentiments. However, consumers dined as usual once deciding to dine out. in other words, SARS outbreak had little impacts on what people dined once they decided to dine outside. We then estimate the impact of SARS under different counterfactual scenarios. 