4 - Absolutely Unhealthy, Relatively Healthy: The Effect of Consumer Reference Points in Evaluating Front-of-package Nutrition Labels David Olk, PhD Candidate, University of Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands Koert Van Ittersum, Tammo H Bijmolt Health issues related to food consumption pose an increasing threat to people worldwide (WHO, 2018). In response, so-called front-of-package labels (FOPLs) have been introduced to provide consumers with a simple and summarized indication of a product’s nutritional value at the point of sale. Meta-analyses of previous studies show that while FOPLs increase the purchasing of healthy products, the health perception and purchasing of unhealthy products is not reduced (Cadario & Chandon, 2020) and even increases in some studies (Ikonen et al., 2020). Previous literature has failed to provide an explanation for these adverse results. Using prospect theory, we argue that consumers’ unexpected responses to the introduction of FOPLs can be explained by their internal healthiness reference point towards a certain product. If a product performs better (worse) relative to the consumers’ reference point, consumers perceive an increased (decreased) utility of that product.We test our hypotheses with two datasets. First, we analyze a dataset containing two years of weekly in-store sales data of a large Dutch retailer. We model each person’s health reference point for selected product categories based on the pre-FOPL-introduction purchases (year 1) and analyze how they affect post- introduction purchases (year 2). Second, we validate the in- store experiment in an online survey including a health-rating and purchasing task. We test the effect of health reference points on purchase likelihood using a latent-class multinomial logit model.The envisioned scientific contributions of this paper are that it (1) uniquely integrates existing theories on the effects of reference points into the health intervention domain, (2) tests the robustness of earlier findings on the effect of reference points, (3) yields novel and unique insights  into the existence and accuracy of reference points with regards to the healthiness of products, and (4) offers a missing understanding about the asymmetric effects of health-based FOPL on healthy versus unhealthy products. 