Thursday, 9–10am
TA01
Virtual Room 01
Applied Theory
Special Sessions
Chair: Tommaso Bondi
Cornell University, New York, NY
1 - A Micro-Founded Model of Repeat Buying 
Based on Information Tracking
Tony Ke, Chinese University of Hong Kong, 
Shatin, Hong Kong
A consumer decides whether to incur a constant flow cost 
to keep track of information on a firm’s new product, which 
updates her expected valuation according to a Brownian 
motion. The consumer’s purchase need follows a Poisson 
arrival over time, and upon an arrival, she decides whether 
to make a purchase or not. We characterize the consumer’s 
utility-maximizing tracking and purchasing decisions in 
closed form. Our model naturally generates three segments 
of consumers: buyers, trackers and deflectors, who differ in 
their expected valuations. We find that consumers who are 
about to drop out tend to purchase less frequently, and who 
are currently alive are more likely to stay alive and continue 
to make purchases in the future. This endogenous customer 
loyalty is captured by a one-parameter survivor function 
that features an initial steep drop and an asymptotic slow 
decay at the rate of inverse square root of time. Moreover, 
we prove sub-exponential distribution of purchase instances 
and provide closed-form formula for the firm’s expected 
revenue. We show that consumers may benefit from a higher 
information tracking cost due to a lower price set by the 
firm. We estimate the model numerically by two methods: 
random walk simulation and numerically solving a heat 
diffusion equation. A comprehensive study shows that after 
incorporating consumer heterogeneity in the need arrival 
rate, our model provides a similar level of fit and prediction 
accuracy compared with popular existing models such 
as Pareto/NBD and BG/NBD. For the study, consumers’ 
information tracking cost is estimated to be about $4.5 per 
annum. Based on the estimates, our model allows a marketing 
manager to infer the likelihood of which segment a consumer 
belongs to based on her past purchase history.
2 - Dynamic Price Competition: Theory and 
Evidence from Airline Markets
Aniko Oery, Yale School of Management, New Haven, CT
, Ali Hortascu, Kevin Williams
We study dynamic pricing in a competitive setting where 
sellers are endowed with finite capacities and face uncertain 
demands toward a sales deadline. With perfect information, 
price dynamics are determined not only by changing own-
sale opportunity costs and demand, but also by strategic 
incentives to soften future price competition. We study 
equilibrium properties and apply our framework to the airline 
industry using daily pricing and bookings data for competing 
airlines. We show that the use of pricing algorithms---similar 
to those implemented in practice---soften price competition 
but do not create additional dead-weight loss compared to 
the perfect information benchmark.
3 - Dynamic Pricing Under Adoption with 
Survival Bias
Harry Zihao Zhou, University College London, London, 
United Kingdom
We study how a firm launching a new product could use 
its dynamic pricing decisions to influence how consumers 
learn about the product’s quality. In our model, the firm 
faces the trade-off between adoption and future per-sale 
revenue. The main result of our model predicts that the firm’s 
pricing decisions have two stages: reputation building and 
expansion. In the reputation-building stage, as the perceived 
quality of the product improves, the firm gradually raises 
its price in order to encourage consumer learning. Once 
the product is well-thought enough, the product enters its 
expansion stage, where the firm cuts its price to discourage 
consumer learning, and the price path becomes constant to 
achieve optimal adoption.
4 - Competition with Consumer Ratings
Tommaso Bondi, Cornell University, New York, NY
 We study the impact of consumer ratings on duopoly 
competition. Three features of the model are key. First, 
firms are strategic: they design their products anticipating 
the presence of consumer ratings, and dynamically adjust 
their prices as information about them is revealed (as is the 
case on platforms like eBay or AirBnB, for instance). Second, 
ratings can be informative about both product quality and 
consumers-products fit. Third, consumers can be either 
strategic or naive in their interpretation of ratings. The 
presence of ratings introduces novel tradeoffs for sellers, who 
find themselves optimizing a mix of present sales and future 
ratings: the two objectives are often at odds, since reaching 
more consumers today yield worse average ratings tomorrow. 
This leads firms to increase prices, and thus, consumer welfare 
need not improve with ratings. A similar result holds for 
the share of rational types: some naivete can be a blessing 
in disguise for consumers, as it reduces the unintended 
consequences of ratings. 
TA02
Virtual Room 02
Behavioral IO & Marketing
Special Sessions
Chair: Kwabena Donkor
Stanford University, Stanford, CA
Co-Chair: Navdeep S Sahni
Stanford, Stanford, Stanford, CA
1 - The Dynamics of Following Defaults
Avner Strulov-Shlain, University of Chicago, Chicago, IL
Rawley Heimer, Alex Imas
2 - Consumer Preferences for Sustainability
Yewon Kim, Stanford Graduate School of Business, 
Stanford, CA
ESG (Environmental, Social, and Governance) - a concept 
that encloses a wide spectrum of values ranging from 
environmental sustainability to employee diversity - has 
become an important keyword for consumers, firms, and 
governments. Despite the large interests, little is known 
about consumer preferences for the ESG factors, such as 
which ESG message consumers prefer the most and whether 
those claims are substitutable with one another. This paper 
studies consumer preferences for and firm’s practices of ESG 
values in the consumer packaged goods (CPG) market using 
information on product labels. The aim is 1) to help firms 
invest in ESG more effectively in a way that customers are 
actually responsive to, and 2) to help policy makers identify 
potential room for green- or ethics-washing by finding those 
claims without significant positive impact that consumers find 
particularly attractive.
3 - Empirical Analysis of Cognitive Limitations in 
Consumer Decision Making
Navdeep S Sahni, Stanford University, Stanford, CA
Konstantin Korotkiy
Typical consumer decisions involve comparing and choosing 
among multiple options, which requires consumers to spend 
limited cognitive resources. While cognitive limitations are 
important, it is hard to quantify their impact on consumer 
decisions and firm policies in natural settings: consumers 
may have unobserved idiosyncratic preferences and beliefs 
so it is hard for a researcher to ascertain consumer mistakes 
due to cognitive limitations. In this paper we use a novel 
dataset to overcome this difficulty and precisely identify 
consumer mistakes and use them to estimate the monetary 
equivalent cognitive costs at the individual level. We estimate 
a structural choice model to shed light on the underlying 
connections between cognitive costs, income, price elasticity, 
discount hunting etc. We use our model to study how grocery 
chain pricing strategies affect profits and social welfare for 
different customer strata.
4 - Workplace Risk and Motivated Beliefs
A. Yesim Orhun, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI
We provide field evidence that individuals engage in 
motivated optimism in the face of impending risk, and that 
their belief distortions are time- and stake-dependent. Our 
study leverages exogenous variation in when people are 
required to return to their workplaces during the COVID-19 
pandemic. Among workers currently staying at home, 
individuals who are tem- porally closer to returning to their 
workplace are relatively more optimistic about the increase 
in infection risk associated with going back. Temporal belief 
differences are larger for people who are more likely to get 
severely ill if infected.
5 - Identity and Economic Incentives
Kwabena Donkor, Stanford Graduate School of Business, 
Stanford, CA
This paper theoretically and empirically analyzes how identity 
(one’s sense of self) affects consumption or investment 
decisions. We first present a model where identity distorts 
individuals’ beliefs about uncertain outcomes and imposes 
psychic costs on identity-incongruent actions. Then, using 
two large field experiments on soccer betting in the UK 
and Kenya, we experimentally varied material incentives for 
betting on matches where soccer fans are neutral or favor 
one of the teams playing. Finally, we combine the model 
with respondents’ portfolio allocations across different 
matches to disentangle biases in investment decisions due 
to over-optimistic beliefs and those due to the psychic costs 
from identity-incongruent choices. We find that, on average, 
respondents misallocate 10% of their investment budget 
because of their over-optimistic beliefs and misallocate 
an additional 15% of their budget to avoid psychic costs. 
Our experimental findings also suggest that the impact of 
debiasing information campaigns that target biased beliefs is 
limited in contexts with identity concerns than otherwise.
TA03
Virtual Room 03
Influencer Marketing I
Special Sessions
Chair: Andreas Lanz
HEC Paris, Paris, France
Co-Chair: Maximilian Beichert
University of Mannheim, Mannheim, Germany
1 - Influencer Racial Pay Gap
Amy Pei, Northeastern University, Boston, MA
Yakov Bart, Koen Pauwels, Kwong Chan
Using a rich data set from a US influencer marketing platform, 
we find that campaign-based payment received by Black 
influencers can be substantially higher than the payment 
received by White influencers. We test several alternative 
reasons for this finding and show that the racial gap is most 
pronounced for macro-influencers. We demonstrate how 
the effect can be explained by the combination of increased 
demand from brands to create more diverse campaigns while 
reaching large audiences and the disproportionally high 
number of White (vs. Black) macro-influencers. We discuss the 
resulting managerial and public policy implications.
2 - Value of a Thank You - How Non-profits Get 
the Most Out of Social Media Peer-to- peer 
Fundraising
Beatrice Martin, WHU - Otto Beisheim School of 
Management, Vallendar, Germany
Christian Schlereth
Non-profits rely heavily on fundraising to perform their 
services. Knowing how a fundraising channel works is key 
for professional fundraisers to distribute their resources 
accordingly. It is vital to study emerging fundraising channels: 
social media peer-to-peer (p2p) fundraising is one such 
channel that has recently gained immense traction. So far, 
we know little about the levers of a non-profit to boost 
the fundraising success of this channel. Limited research 
exists on social media fundraising in general, and while p2p 
fundraising has been around for a long time, there is barely 
any research on the topic. Thus, we aim to shed light on 
the mechanisms behind social media p2p fundraising. On 
social media, non-profits have only two ways to influence 
the number of donations they receive via p2p fundraising: 
First, they can attempt to increase the number of fundraisers 
started through advertising and call-to-actions. Second, they 
can try to influence the outcome of a fundraiser once it has 
been started. There exists a solid base of research for social 
media advertising. Thus we focus on the second aspect in 
this paper. The power of saying thank you to donors to retain 
them has been studied in-depth, but not in the context of 
p2p fundraising. Thus, we want to explore this question: 
What impact does saying thank you to the initiator of a social 
media p2p fundraiser have on its success? We use a set of 3 
experiments to investigate different types of thank yous. We 
find that saying thank you significantly increases the number 
of donations to a social media p2p fundraiser. It is best to say 
thank you right at the start of a fundraiser and that, in this 
particular case, a picture is not worth more than 1000 words.
3 - Direct and Indirect Profits from Gift Giving: 
Consumer Learning about Underexplored 
Alternatives
Shi (Sherry) Wang, The Ohio State University, 
Columbus, OH
, Ralf Van der Lans
Gift giving is an important social activity that generates high 
profits for retailers and brands. In addition to direct profits, 
gifts may indirectly affect profits by influencing receivers’ 
purchase behaviors. First, gifts may substitute receivers’ 
purchases, reducing the profits from gifts indirectly. Second, 
gifts may influence receivers’ subsequent purchase behaviors, 
especially when they are not fully informed about their 
preferences. In such scenarios, gift consumption provides 
an opportunity to learn about underexplored alternatives, 
which may generate additional future profits. This paper 
empirically investigates these direct and indirect effects of gift 
giving on profits using a unique panel dataset in which both 
givers’ and receivers’ purchasing, consumption and gifting 
behaviors are observed. The authors develop a new dynamic 
generalized linear model which captures both purchase 
incidences and choices before and after gift consumption. 
The results demonstrate that a significant number of gifts lead 
to a change in receivers’ behaviors, leading on average to 
indirect profits of about 10 percent of the gift price. Indirect 
profits are more likely when receivers’ purchase frequency and 
expected utility of the gift are lower prior to gift consumption, 
and when givers are more experienced and share similar 
interests with the receiver.
4 - Who to Target? Low- versus High-status 
Seeding in User-generated Content Networks
Maximilian Beichert, University of Mannheim, 
Mannheim, Germany
Andreas Bayerl, Jacob Goldenberg, Andreas Lanz
The battle for consumers’ attention is constantly on the 
rise. Hence, marketers are looking for alternative, more 
efficient ways--such as influencer marketing--to reach out 
to their audiences. Recently, there have been more and 
more industry articles pointing out the value of low-status 
influencers (e.g., Haenlein et al., 2020). This goes against 
seeding literature in marketing, which almost unanimously 
recommends targeting high-status influencers, i.e., hubs 
with a large following (e.g., Goldenberg et al., 2009; Hinz et 
al., 2011). Given the accumulating empirical evidence that 
optimal seeding policies may very well be reversed (e.g., 
Lanz et al., 2019; Watts & Dodds, 2007), does it really pay off 
to engage high-status influencers as opposed to low-status 
influencers when considering the whole influencer marketing 
funnel? To shed light on this question, we analyze secondary 
sales data from a major European fashion retailer mainly 
distributing its products via influencers and with the help of 
dedicated discount codes. These codes allow us to attribute 
the sales of more than 5 M items valuing over 159 M € to 
9,072 influencers. In order to compare the sales performance 
of each influencer, we calculate the (fully attributable) revenue 
per reach and find that low-status influencers dominate high-
status influencers: The revenue per reach is 2.6 times higher. 
In a parallel mediation analysis, we find that about two-thirds 
of the effect can be explained by intimacy. To validate the 
results from the secondary sales data, we conducted three 
(supply-side) field experiments. For these experiments, 
we collaborated with an influencer marketing platform 
to recruit low-status (N=68; N=60; N=36) and high-status 
(N=70; N=54; N=31) influencers. Both groups were given 
the same task to promote a product offering by posting a 
well-specified Instagram Story, which included a call-to-action. 
We find supportive evidence by replicating the results of the 
secondary data that high-status influencers may indeed not 
be as effective (as mostly implicitly assumed) compared to 
low-status influencers.
TA04
Virtual Room 04
CRM I
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Roelof Hars
University of Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
1 - A Research on How to Build Brand Loyalty 
from Consumer-brand Relationship, While 
Identifying the Priority Among Brand 
Building Mediators
Akihiro Inoue, Keio University, Yokohama-City, Japan
Laduree Yuanchen Chen
The marketing plan of customer relationship management 
(CRM) has been a key issue so as to build brand loyalty. There 
exist several factors that are used for CRM and considered to 
have the effects on brand loyalty, such as brand love, brand 
evangelism. In this research, we attempted to identify the 
structural relationships and the priority among the factors so 
as to develop CRM program by applying the framework to 
K-Pop groups. Khamitov, Wang, and Thomson (2019) present 
the brand relationship elasticity of brand relationship factors 
on customer brand loyalty via the meta-analysis. Based on 
their conceptual framework, we focus on the two variables 
for customer-brand relationships (brand love and emotional 
brand attachment) and the four mediator variables between 
customer-brand relationships and brand loyalty (brand 
evangelism, brand worship, brand co-creation, and bran 
two-way communication). We apply the above framework to 
the Japanese funs of the two K-Pop groups (BTS and TWICE), 
very popular among the Japanese as well as the many other 
countries. In terms of the degree of involvement and the 
development of brand loyalty, some secondary data show the 
extreme high level for BTS and the moderate level for TWICE. 
We collected the data (N=216) via a marketing research 
company in December 2021 with some screening conditions 
such as in past 5 years at least 5 times participated to either 
BTS or TWICE live concerts, at least $700 spent on official 
goods of either group, age, and so on. We run the structural 
equation modeling on the data and found the significant 
direct effects and the mediator effects of the variables 
of concern. Furthermore, by running the multiple group 
analyses, we found the heterogeneous structure between the 
two groups and found the similar heterogeneity between the 
super-high and high involvement groups. The details are to 
be mentioned in the presentation.
2 - The Impact of Co-branded Credit Card 
Adoption on Customer Loyalty
Nan Zhao, Washington University in St.Louis, St Louis, MO
Arun Gopalakrishnan, Chakravarthi Narasimhan
We study how the adoption of co-branded credit card affects 
customer behaviors and loyalty using a comprehensive 
longitudinal dataset from a North American airline. To 
mitigate the challenge of selection bias, we use a multi-
pronged strategy that includes propensity score matching 
of card adopters and non-adopters using a battery of 
behavioral and demographic variables, as well as difference-
in-differences analysis with appropriate individual and time 
fixed effects. We also explore possible selection due to 
unobservables by estimating effects beyond immediate 
adoption and heterogeneous treatment effects across 
segments that may differ in the unobservables that drive 
selection. We find that card adoption increased flight spend 
and number of flights taken on the airline in the short-, 
medium-, and longer-term. We also find an increase in loyalty 
program behaviors due to card adoption including loyalty 
miles earned and redeemed with the focal airline.
3 - How do Customer Relationships Evolve? 
Evidence from Touchpoint Dynamics
Roelof Hars, University of Groningen, Groningen, 
Netherlands
Hans Risselada, Jaap Wieringa
Understanding how existing customer relationships evolve 
is a key goal for marketing managers interested in learning 
how customers should be approached at any given time. 
Prior work has identified that relationships go through 
different states, and has studied how touchpoints serve as 
relationship signals by affecting the transition between these 
states. In this paper, the authors show that the effects of 
touchpoints on relationship evolution are heterogeneous. 
This makes it difficult for managers to identify what the use 
of a touchpoint says about a specific customer’s motivation 
and future trajectory, especially in business-to-customer 
settings. Using a customer journey lens, the authors 
estimate a state space model on a unique longitudinal 
dataset containing over three years of daily data of 10.000 
customers in the insurance industry, and find that past 
touchpoints visited by a customer moderate the effect of later 
touchpoints. The authors show that including a customer’s 
prior journey adds important contextual information which 
aids in the prediction of relationship evolution and improves 
firms’ capacity to understand the ‘signal value’ present in 
customer touchpoint use.
TA05
Virtual Room 05
Platforms & Technology Effects on Welfare
Special Sessions
Chair: Georgios Zervas
Boston University School of Management, 
Brookline, MA
Co-Chair: Pinar Yildirim
University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA
Co-Chair: Yufeng Huang
University of Rochester, Rochester, NY
Co-Chair: Kosuke Uetake
Yale School of Management, New Haven, CT
1 - The Welfare Effects of Vertically 
Integrated Platforms: Evidence from 
E-Commerce Platforms
Andrey Fradkin, Boston University, Boston, MA
Chiara Farronato
Platforms that help match many fragmented buyers and 
sellers of goods and services sometimes vertically integrate, 
by directly selling their own products. Take Amazon, one of 
the most important companies in the world as measured by 
the amount of economic activity passing through its market 
($475B), its valuation ($1.74T), and its number of employees 
(1.5M). Amazon owns a variety of private labels, including 
Amazon Basics, Pinzon, and GoodThreads, which directly 
compete with independent sellers. We propose a new field 
experimental methodology for measuring the welfare benefits 
and costs of this form of vertical integration in e-commerce.
2 - The Effect of Default Privacy Choices on 
Consumer Welfare
Tesary Lin, Boston University, Cambridge, MA
 Are revealed preferences the true preferences for privacy 
when consumers’ privacy valuations are influenced by the 
default frame? Should policymakers ask companies to seek 
consumers’ informed consent for data processing under an 
opt-in, opt-out, or forced-choice frame? We seek to answer 
these questions using a large-scale online experiment that 
solicit revealed preferences for consumers’ social media data 
under different decision frames. The experiment quantifies 
the degree to which each default interface distorts privacy 
choices and saves limited cognitive resources relative to a 
forced-choice scenario. We compare the net effect of these 
two forces on consumer welfare and discuss their implications 
on regulating privacy consent interfaces. 
3 - The Value of Professional Ties in B2B Markets
Navid Mojir, Harvard Business School, Boston, MA
Sriya Anbil
We study how a particular form of social ties (i.e., professional 
ties proxied by past employment) affect price and profitability 
in business-to-business (B2B) markets. While most of the work 
on social ties focuses on information diffusion in business-to-
consumer markets, we ask: Do B2B buyers receive higher or 
lower prices from sellers with whom they have professional 
ties? Answering this question is challenging because it 
is difficult to observe B2B prices, the individual decision-
makers (IDMs), and elements of differentiation that drive 
price variation. We resolve these challenges by leveraging 
confidential data from the Federal Reserve on the repo 
market, the largest market for short-term loans with daily 
transactions of over $2 trillion. In addition, we use financial 
disclosure laws to unmask IDMs at sellers and use LinkedIn 
to reveal their ties. We show that a seller IDM who is the 
buyer’s former employee charges the buyer, on average, 25 
basis points more than other buyers with no ties. This extra 
expense translates into 1.6% of additional revenue for the 
average seller. The mechanism driving this price increase 
involves a reliability premium. Sellers with a professional tie 
to the buyer act more reliably towards the buyer in the face of 
supply-demand imbalances. Our work suggests professional 
ties can affect B2B prices beyond observable supply-demand 
dynamics and provide value for sellers and buyers.
4 - Technological Change and 
Occupational Mobility
Pinar Yildirim, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA
Maria Petrova, Gregor Schubert
We study the career mobility and wage implications of 
technological changes in the labor market using a novel data 
set of more than nine million individual resumes from the 
. Considering a combination of occupational movements 
and future wage changes, we calculate how individuals’ 
lifetime earnings and employment expectations are 
impacted upon significant technological shifts. We find that 
technological shifts reduce vertical mobility, particularly into 
management roles. Restriction to career mobility are more 
pronounced for those with less than college education and in 
blue collar positions.
TA06
Virtual Room 06
Machine Learning and AI
Special Sessions
Chair: Venkatesh Shankar
Texas A&M University, College Station, TX
1 - Browsing the Aisles or Browsing the App? 
How Online Grocery Shopping is Changing 
What We Buy
Sai Chand Chintala, Cornell University, Ithaca, NY
Jurate Liaukonyte, Nathan Yang
This paper studies the impact of the online grocery retail 
channel on the variety and composition of shopping baskets. 
We use data from around one million shopping trips that 
capture both offline (brick-and-mortar) and online (Instacart) 
shopping behavior. We use unsupervised machine learning 
algorithms that are agnostic to the channel type to infer 
what constitutes a regular restocking shopping trip for each 
household. Our empirical analysis reveals that shopping 
basket variety, as measured by the number of categories 
purchased, is lower for online shopping trips and that the 
composition differs from offline trips in identifiable ways. 
We find that Instacart shopping baskets typically have 19.6% 
fewer fresh vegetable items and fewer items from impulse 
purchase categories that include candy (6.6%), bakery 
desserts (5.7%), and savory snacks (4.1%). Importantly, these 
fresh vegetables and impulse purchases are not picked up 
via alternative or additional shopping trips within a seven 
day period. We show that these purchasing patterns are 
unlikely to be driven by price or assortment differences 
across the two channels or stock-outs due to Covid-19. 
Finally, we find that within a given household, the Instacart 
baskets are significantly more similar to each other than 
offline baskets, potentially suggesting a past-orders-shortcut 
mechanism behind our results.
2 - The Effects of Underlying Product Features 
on Sales: A Machine Learning Approach to 
Analyze Images and Reviews
Chi Zhang, Texas A&M University, College Station, TX
Venkatesh Shankar
Product appearance and user experience of products have 
significant influences on product sales. However, what 
underlying features in product appearance are associated 
with high or low aesthetics? What underlying features 
contribute most to user experience? What are their effects on 
sales? In this paper, we identify and quantify such underlying 
features and investigate their effects on sales using deep 
learning models of images and natural language processing 
methods of text. We assemble and analyze a large dataset 
consisting of 362 models from 49 automobile brands in 
the  during 2002-2020 with 12,305 images and 137,692 
consumer reviews. Specifically, we use product images and 
their aesthetic ratings to train convolutional neural networks 
and apply Grad-CAM algorithms to generate heatmaps that 
highlight the unattractive elements in product appearance 
for each product. Furthermore, we use supervised contrastive 
learning to identify and quantify the underlying features that 
most affect product appearance. We apply a latent Dirichlet 
allocation (LDA) model on the product review data to extract 
the underlying features that most affect the user experience 
of products. The image analysis shows that three underlying 
features, namely, hatchback design, streamlined design, and 
box-like design, affect the aesthetics of product appearance. 
The text analysis reveals that four features, namely, reliability, 
fun, comfort, and fuel efficiency underlie user experience. The 
empirical analysis reveals that for economy cars, streamlined 
designs are associated with better sales. Economy cars high 
on comfort, fuel efficiency, or reliability outsell economy cars 
high on fun. However, luxury/sporty cars high on fun sell more 
than those high on comfort, fuel efficiency, or reliability. The 
output of the image analysis comprising heatmaps highlights 
the ‘unattractive’ elements in car designs that product 
designers can use to validate initial design ideas before 
finalizing the product. Thus, the analysis approach results 
have direct managerial implications for car makers.
3 - Consumer and AI Co-creation: When and 
Why Nudging Human Participation Improves 
AI Creation
Mengxia Zhang, Western University, London, ON, Canada
Lan Luo
Firms are increasingly leveraging artificial intelligence (AI) 
to automatically create personalized products (e.g., custom 
photo products, home designs) for consumers. While AI 
automation substantially saves consumer effort, it may also 
reduce consumer engagement potentially leading to a 
high dropout rate. We conduct three studies to investigate 
whether and how firms should nudge consumers to 
participate in product co-creation with AI automation. Using 
a field experiment involving 128,153 consumers, we find 
that a simple nudge can significantly increase consumer 
participation in product co-creation with AI by 12%. The 
nudged participation further increases immediate purchase by 
22% and post-experiment purchase by 2%. Such purchase lifts 
are greater when consumers create more complex projects, 
have prior creation experience, or have lower opportunity 
costs of time. Our second experiment explores how and why 
firms should encourage consumer-AI co-creation. We learn 
that nudging attention (e.g., prompting a preview of the 
creation) rather than participation does not increase purchase 
and revisit intentions, and that mandating participation is 
less effective than nudging participation. Mediation tests 
show that the IKEA effect (‘I made it myself’) plays a bigger 
role than preference fit in explaining the positive effects 
of nudging participation. Our third experiment further 
investigates the interplay between AI creation and nudging 
participation. We find that nudging participation increase 
purchase and revisit intentions only when AI creation is 
present. The consumer-AI co-creation brings the best of both 
worlds by leveraging AI to save upfront effort and prompting 
humans to engage in the creative process only if desired. 
4 - Can an AI Coach Help You Lose More Weight 
than a Human Coach? Empirical Evidence from 
a Mobile Fitness Tracking Application
Sridhar Narayanan, Stanford University, Stanford, CA 
Anuj Kapoor, Puneet Manchanda
Artificial intelligence (AI) assisted tools are increasingly being 
used in health care contexts to provide advice and motivation. 
But whether AI can be a good or even better substitute for 
human involvement in these contexts is an open question. We 
provide empirical evidence to answer this question specifically 
in the context of fitness tracking mobile applications (apps). 
In addition to facilitating the tracking of activity and food 
intake, such apps provide advice and motivation in the form 
of targeted messages to their consumers, and this can be 
done through human coaches or an AI coach. An AI coach 
allows these apps to scale their offerings to a larger number 
of consumers, are available on demand to consumers, and are 
potentially more finely targeted by leveraging vast amounts 
of data. On the other hand, human coaches might be better 
placed to show empathy, and consumers might also feel more 
accountable to humans. We compare human and AI coaches 
on their effectiveness in helping consumers achieve their 
weight-loss goals. Our empirical analysis is in the context of a 
large-scale mobile app that offers consumers different levels 
of subscription plans with human and AI coaches respectively, 
and specifically compare adopters of the two kinds of plans 
on their weight loss and goal achievement. We address the 
potential self-selection in plans by employing a matching-
based approach. We find, for our sample of almost 65000 
consumers that human-based plans do better than those in 
AI-based plans in helping them achieving their goals, but that 
this differs by consumer characteristics, including age, gender 
and body mass index (BMI).
TA07
Virtual Room 07
Causal Inference: Methods and Applications
Special Sessions
Chair: Yiting Deng
University College London, University College 
London, London, United Kingdom
Co-Chair: Puneet Manchanda
University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI 
1 - Statistical Inference for the Factor Model 
Approach to Estimate Causal Effects in Quasi-
experimental Settings
Kathleen Li, University of Texas at Austin McCombs School 
of Business, Austin, TX
Garrett Sonnier
Causal inference using quasi-experimental data is of great 
interest to marketers. The factor model approach (FM) to 
estimate treatment effects accommodates a large number 
of control units and can easily handle a large number of 
treatment units while flexibly allowing for cases where the 
treatment is outside the range of the control units. However, 
the factor model method lacks formal inference theory, 
instead relying on bootstrap or permutation procedures 
with strong assumptions. Specifically, the extant Xu (2017) 
bootstrap procedure requires that the treatment and 
control error variance are equal. We establish that when 
this assumption is violated, the bootstrap procedure 
results in biased coverage intervals. We develop formal 
inference theory for the factor model approach to estimate 
the average treatment effect on the treated (ATT). Our 
approach allows researchers to formally quantify uncertainty 
through hypothesis testing and confidence intervals. Our 
inference method is applicable to both stationary and 
non-stationary data. More importantly, our inference theory 
accommodates treatment and control unit outcomes 
with different distributions, which includes different error 
variances as a special case. We show the performance of 
our inference theory in simulated data. Finally, we apply our 
method to empirically quantify the uncertainty in the effect 
of legalizing recreational marijuana on the beer market and 
the sales effect of a digitally native online brand opening 
a physical showroom.
2 - Announcement Effects on Vaccine Discussions
Dinesh Puranam, University of Southern California, Los 
Angeles, CA
Piyush Anand, Vrinda Kadiyali
The Covid-19 pandemic has brought a long-running debate 
on vaccinations to the forefront. On one hand, anti-vaxxers 
hold that vaccines are harmful and can lead to dangerous 
side effects in children like autism. Pro-vaxxers believe the 
opposite. As the science on Covid-19 vaccines (and their 
side effects) evolved during the pandemic, public authorities 
like the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the 
U.S. Food and Drug Administration made vaccine-related 
announcements that included both successes and failures. For 
example, the J&J vaccine distribution was put on hold when 
it was discovered that the vaccine could lead to blood clots. 
These announcements could influence public perceptions and 
rates of vaccine hesitancy and have long-term consequences 
on healthcare consumption. Consequently, we estimate 
the effect of vaccine related announcements on vaccine 
discussions and stance from public discourse on Twitter. 
Specifically, we examine how these announcements affect a) 
vaccine stance (both for and against), and b) engagement 
across the political spectrum. Methodologically, we extend 
transformer-based models to predict stance from tweet text 
and supplemental user-level metadata. To quantify the effect 
of an announcement on vaccine stance we adapt Bayesian 
structural time series models to an event study framework. 
Overall, we find that Pro Vaccine activity and engagement 
has increased significantly. Effects are short lived with respect 
to announcements, but the cumulative impact is sustained. 
Our findings are relevant to both policymakers and marketers 
dealing with polarized consumers.
3 - Expert Opinions and Consumer Reviews: 
Evidence from the Michelin Guide
Yiting Deng, University College London, London, 
United Kingdom
Xingyi Li, Puneet Manchanda, Bert De ReycK
The consumer purchase journey is influenced by both 
expert opinions and consumer reviews. However, it is not 
clear whether favorable expert opinions improve or hurt 
consumers’ quality evaluations. This paper explores the 
effect of expert opinions on consumer reviews in the context 
of Michelin stars in the restaurant industry. We constructed 
a unique data set based on the Michelin Guide for Great 
Britain & Ireland from 2010 to 2020. For each restaurant 
that was awarded Michelin stars during these 11 years, we 
collected online consumer reviews from TripAdvisor and 
retrieved relevant historical menus. Based on the data, we first 
estimate the effect of Michelin star changes on the sentiment 
and content of consumer reviews. We find that when a 
restaurant is removed from the Michelin Guide or lose stars, 
consumers’ review ratings increase, and consumers become 
less demanding regarding service and value for money. Next, 
we analyze restaurant menu, and find that restaurants tend to 
modify menu structure and adapt menu price in response to 
the Michelin star awards. We discuss managerial implications 
for restaurants and the Michelin Guide.
4 - Amazon vs. Walmart: A Comparative Analysis 
of Responsiveness to the COVID-19 Pandemic
Lakshmi Vana, Dartmouth College Tuck School of Business, 
Hanover, NH
Sharmistha Sikdar, Vrinda Kadiyali
As the Covid-19 pandemic brought about lockdowns and 
restrictions on movement, retail sales increasingly moved 
online with online retail sales increasing by 37% year-on-year 
in 2020 in the US. This increase was largely fueled by the 
growth of the two largest retailers, Amazon and Walmart. 
In this research, we construct time-series data of over 1,500 
identical products belonging to 7 product categories sold 
on Amazon as well as Walmart from June 2020 to December 
2021 and explore how the price, stocking, and shipping 
evolved pre- and post-peaks of Covid waves in the US. In 
addition, we also identify products that were sold uniquely 
only on either Amazon or Walmart but not both and compare 
how the price, stocking and shipping evolved for these 
products compared to the ones sold on both the platforms. 
Lastly, we augment the analysis by analyzing the text content 
of online reviews for these products posted during the data 
duration on the two platforms to provide supporting evidence 
for the mechanism for our results.
TA08
Virtual Room 08
Brand and Marketing Strategy
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Sayan Gupta
University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA
1 - Why are Firms Different
Birger Wernerfelt, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, 
Cambridge, MA
We analyze a model in which two firms invest in stocks of 
complementary strategic resources. The firms are initially 
identical and pursue the same strategy. However, since their 
investments succeed at random times, their stocks will soon 
differ. Because the strategic resources are complements, 
the firm with more of them will have stronger incentives 
to invest and will thus have a better than 50/50 chance 
of pulling further ahead. The differences between the 
firms will tend to grow over time and in the limit, they are 
almost surely different.
2 - A Theoretical Model on the Role of Marketing 
in Strategic Exits of Corporate Venture 
Capitalists
Manaswini Acharya, Research Scholar, Texas Tech 
University, Lubbock, TX
Mayukh Dass
Corporate Venture Capitalists (CVCs) are venture capital 
divisions of firms that directly invest in new start-ups to fulfill 
the firm’s goals. As more and more firms are expanding 
their footprint over the past few decades, CVC investments 
have seen double-digit growth in the marketplace. However, 
like other investors, CVCs also frequently exit from their 
investments. Some of these exits are reactive to the changing 
market conditions, whereas other exits are proactive where 
CVCs plan investment exits as a part of the underlying 
strategy at the time of the investment, and we define them 
as strategic exits. In this paper, we use the theory-in-use 
approach and develop a theoretical model that examines the 
role of marketing in the strategic exit of CVCs. In particular, 
the paper first identifies the marketing factors related to the 
four categories, market governance, customer orientation, 
competitor orientation, and learning orientation, that may 
affect the strategic exits of the CVCs. Next, using in-depth 
interviews of fifty CVC’s C-level managers, we identify a 
theoretical model and present related propositions that 
examine the propensity of strategic exit of CVCs. The model 
indicates the direct effect of CVC-venture partnership 
characteristics and the moderating effect of CVC, venture-
specific characteristics, and the external characteristics on 
the CVCs’ strategic exit decisions. Finally, we validate our 
model using inputs from a different set of C-level respondents 
and conclude by discussing the theoretical and managerial 
contributions of the study.
3 - Impact of Brand Activism on Polarization of 
Consumer Purchase Behavior and Consumer 
Portfolio Riskiness
Sayan Gupta, PhD student, University of Pittsburgh, 
Pittsburgh, PA
Vanitha Swaminathan
Brands’ participation in socio-political activism (Bhagwat et 
al. 2020) could be double-edged interventions - garnering 
whole-hearted support from one end of the spectrum of 
consumers, while alienating customers from across the aisle. 
This study aims to demonstrate real-world implications of 
such brand actions using actual county-level purchase data 
of consumer brands aggregated from Nielsen Retail Scanner 
and Consumer Panel records, and then subjecting them to 
an event study analysis - i.e., by using a repository of brand 
activism announcements on traditional media as exogenous 
shocks to consumer markets (Bhagwat et al. 2020). Employing 
an analysis of market shares and their Recency-Frequency-
Magnitude drivers in addition to consumer acquisition and 
attrition, the study quantifies the level of polarization infused 
within activist brands’ consumer portfolios. To do so, we 
track these metrics at the county-level across a 15-year panel 
data and perform a generalized triple Diff-in-Diff event study 
analysis (Autor 2003; Currie et al. 2015) to estimate how these 
are impacted vis-a-vis a matched control group of brands, 
and across counties with varying ideological and religious 
compositions (based on their voting patterns and Census 
data, as per Khan et al. 2013). Finally, the study quantifies 
the riskiness embedded in these divisive brand actions by 
analyzing their impact on overall consumer portfolio risk - 
by first classifying counties into deciles of varying levels of 
political alignment, then treating them as large contractual 
customers, and using their profitability means and coefficients 
of variation to compute customer beta and deviations from an 
efficient consumer asset portfolio (Tarasi et al. 2011).
TA09
Virtual Room 09
Advertising and Digital Content
Special Sessions
Chair: Georgios Zervas
University School of Management, Brookline, MA
Co-Chair: Pinar Yildirim
University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA 
Co-Chair: Yufeng Huang
University of Rochester, Rochester, NY 
Co-Chair: Kosuke Uetake
Yale School of Management, New Haven, CT, 
06511-8978
1 - Online Advertising and Disinformation: 
Evidence from a Field Experiment on 
Executives
Ananya Sen, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA
The predominant business model for digital media 
platforms relies on advertisements, placed automatically by 
programmatic ad networks. Several digital media platforms 
have faced accusations of failing to adequately curb the 
prevalence of harmful content such as misinformation, which 
is also sustained by advertising. For every $2.16 in digital ad 
revenue sent to legitimate newspapers, U.S. advertisers send 
$1 to misinformation websites. With this background, we ask 
the following research questions: Does providing information 
about the prevalence of the ad funded misinformation 
change managers’ demand for a solution to avoid placing 
ads on misinformation online? What motivates managers 
to address the issue of ad-funded misinformation? We aim 
to carry out an information experiment with executives 
who enrolled in a variety of Stanford Exec Ed programs as 
well as marketing managers based on several partnerships. 
We partner with NewsGuard to get detailed data on the 
extent of misinformation on thousands of news websites. 
We partner with Oracle to get the most comprehensive 
information on online ad prevalence of companies. The 
survey experiment will elicit prior beliefs of managers about 
the prevalence of misinformation online. It will then randomly 
provide a treatment to a random subsample providing them 
with more precise information about the magnitude of the 
problem. After that, we will elecit posterior beliefs as well 
as their WTP for tailored information about avoiding ad 
placement on misinformation websites. This would include 
details about whether their company’s ads have appeared on 
misinformation websites and how they can avoid doing so. 
Next, we re-randomize the individuals to understand their 
motivations. The focus will be on a social condition that will 
highlight the social consequences of misinformation (eg. 
vaccine misinformation) while the monetary condition will 
highlight how investors of companies have reacted negatively 
when there has been media coverage about companies 
placing their ads on misinformation websites.
2 - The Effect of Ads on Search: An 
Experimental Approach
Ilya Morozov, Northwestern University, Evanston, IL
Anna Tuchman
We study how display advertisements in online retail affect 
the way consumers search for products and make purchase 
decisions. To this end, we design a simulated online book 
store that imitates the shopping experience of real online 
book stores. We populate this store with strategically selected 
books and design it so that consumers can examine the 
product list, visit product pages, and place orders just like 
they would normally do when shopping online. We then 
conduct an incentive-compatible advertising experiment 
in which we let participants shop in our book store while 
randomly exposing some of them to advertising banners 
of specific books. By monitoring their search activity and 
documenting final choices, we collect highly detailed 
consumer search data. Using these search data, we then 
empirically study whether and how display advertising works 
by testing several hypotheses that have been put forth in the 
theoretical consumer search literature.
3 - Information Provision by Video Influencers: Do 
Twitch Streamers Bring Viewers into Gaming?
Yufeng Huang, University of Rochester, Rochester, NY 
Ilya Morozov
Influencer marketing has grown into a giant multi-billion-
dollar industry. Yet, there has been little empirical work trying 
to estimate how influencer promotions affect the demand 
of products that they promote. In this paper, we study the 
effectiveness of influencer marketing in the video game 
industry. We construct a novel high-frequency dataset on 
video game streaming by continuously monitoring Twitch.
tv, the largest gaming platform in the world, for half a year. 
We first estimate how broadcasts of popular Twitch streamers 
influence the short-term popularity of the broadcasted 
games. Although streamers strategically choose which 
games to stream, the exact times when they start and end 
their streams may vary from day to day for reasons unrelated 
to game popularity. Leveraging this plausibly exogenous 
within-day variation, we estimate the causal effect of Twitch 
streaming on the number of people playing the broadcasted 
game. Our results suggest that Twitch streams bring a 
substantial number of players into games, although the 
strong initial effect dissipates within 10 hours after the stream. 
Using a generalized random forest model, we estimate 
heterogeneous streaming effects as a function of observable 
game characteristics. Our results show that streaming has 
the largest effects on games from unknown developers and 
games with horizontal characteristics, on which consumer 
tastes differ, suggesting that Twitch streams convey 
information about the broadcasted game.
4 - Does the Content of Managerial 
Responses to Consumer Reviews Affect 
Consumer Behavior?
Surya Ierokomos, Stanford University, Stanford, CA
Sridhar Narayanan, Georgios Zervas
Online review platforms such as Yelp and TripAdvisor have 
seen tremendous usage growth in recent years. Consumers 
rely on these platforms to provide them information 
about businesses they are considering in industries such 
as hospitality, retail, and a variety of service industries. 
Many of these platforms allow businesses to respond 
to consumer reviews, and these responses are typically 
visible to subsequent visitors to the platform. A nascent 
literature in marketing has explored the impact of whether 
businesses respond to consumer reviews on subsequent 
consumer evaluations. In this paper, we explore the impact 
of the content of managerial responses to hotel reviews on 
evaluations by subsequent visitors to the review platform. 
We develop a unique identification strategy that exploits 
the quasi-random allocations of responses to respondents 
in businesses with more than one respondent. We find that, 
on average, tailored and objective responses with a positive 
tone lead to higher subsequent star ratings. Furthermore, 
these more positive reviews tend to focus on service related 
aspects of the stay, as opposed to the infrastructure or 
location of the hotel.
TA10
Virtual Room 10
Online Consumer Privacy I
Special Sessions
Chair: Klaus Miller
HEC Paris, Jouy-en-Josas, France
Co-Chair: Bernd Skiera
Goethe University Frankfurt, Frankfurt, Germany
1 - Regulatory Spillovers and Data Governance: 
Evidence from the GDPR
Michail Batikas, LMU Munich, Munich, Germany
Christian Peukert, Tobias Kretschmer, Stefan Bechtold
We document short-run changes in websites and the web 
technology industry with the introduction of the GDPR. 
We follow more than 110,000 websites for twelve months 
before and six months after the GDPR became effective and 
show that websites substantially reduced their interactions 
with web technology providers. We further document 
an increase in market concentration in web technology 
services. Our findings contribute to the discussion on how 
regulating privacy impacts data minimization, competition, 
and market structure.
2 - Navigating Marketing Analytics Governance: 
Scope and Boundary Conditions of Data 
Protection Officers’ Self-accountability
Christelle Aubert Hassouni, ESCP Business School, 
Paris, France
Julien Cloarec
Marketing analytics governance is the core of data-driven 
companies. The advent of General Data Protection Regulation 
(GDPR) disrupts this activity and gives Data Protection 
Officers (DPOs) a broader role in privacy protection. Based 
on self-discrepancy theory, our survey (n = 226) show that 
DPOs’ self-efficacy weakens the positive effect of their self-
accountability on their behavioral intentions (i.e., protecting 
consumer privacy and complying with GDPR).
3 - When Apps Ask to Track
Michelle Andrews, Emory University, Atlanta, GA
Kyeongbin Kim, David A Schweidel
We leverage a recent change to the iOS mobile operating 
system that requires apps to request users’ permission to 
collect their tracking data. We use location data from more 
than 7 million devices to examine the impact of the change. 
We find the frequency of data collection is reduced and the 
distribution of locations at which devices are detected shifts, 
suggesting a possible bias in future data collected. Though 
the policy change reduces the data that providers collect, 
we show how this can be addressed by using unaffected 
individuals to infer the behavior of affected individuals. We 
derive implications for future research on privacy.
4 - The Impact of the General Data Protection 
Regulation (GDPR) on Online Tracking
Karlo Lukic, Goethe University Frankfurt, 
Frankfurt, Germany
Klaus Miller, Bernd Skiera
We determine whether GDPR’s enforcement increased 
users’ online privacy by decreasing the quantity and intensity 
of online tracking. We exploit a difference-in-differences 
design to evaluate the effect of GDPR’s enforcement using 
a balanced panel of 713 websites visited by 5 million EU and 
US users browsing 2.6 billion web pages of these websites 
between April 2018 and December 2019. We reveal that 
the quantity of online tracking, measured by the number of 
trackers and tracker providers, increased over time; websites 
that comply with GDPR use 19 trackers (12 tracker providers) 
on average in the entire post-GDPR period. Without GDPR, 
they would have used 21 trackers (13 tracker providers). We 
show that the intensity of online tracking, measured by the 
share of tracked web pages per site and the amount of user 
data transferred per tracker, decreased over time; websites 
that have to comply with GDPR track 26% of web pages on 
average in the entire post-GDPR period (3MB of user data 
transferred per tracker). Without GDPR, they would have 
tracked 29% of web pages (4MB of user data transferred per 
tracker). So, GDPR’s enforcement decreased the average 
number of trackers on each website by 2 trackers or -9% (1 
tracker provider or -9%) and the average share of tracked 
pages per site by 3 percentage points (1MB of user data 
transferred per tracker), having a minor positive impact on 
users’ online privacy. We find that the enforcement of the 
law decreased advertising, analytics, and essential trackers 
on business, entertainment, and news sites - emphasizing a 
minor positive impact on users’ privacy. We conclude that 
the GDPR’s enforcement increased users’ privacy to a small 
extent. However, the overall increasing trend of the quantity 
of online tracking after the introduction of the GDPR poses a 
justifiable privacy concern for users.
TA11
Virtual Room 11
Algorithmic Fairness
Special Sessions
Chair: Rafael Becerril Arreola
USC Darla Moore School of Business, USC Darla 
Moore School of Business, Columbia, SC, 29208, 
1 - The Cost of Fairness in Personalized Policies
Ayelet Israeli, Harvard Business School, Boston, MA
Eva Ascarza
Algorithmic personalization allows decision makers to design 
interventions at a high level of precision, which benefits both 
decision makes and consumers. For example, in the context 
of online advertising, personalization helps firms become 
more efficient in their resource allocation (e.g., serving ads 
to those consumers who are most likely to engage with the 
product) and helps consumers receive ads that are most 
relevant to them. However, algorithmic personalization 
also poses risks to society by disproportionately targeting 
individuals from certain groups (or protected attributes 
such as gender or race) - generally referred as group 
fairness -- or producing disparate outcomes for individuals 
who are identical except for their protected attributes - 
generally referred as individual fairness. Decision makers are 
increasingly concerned about potential unfairness of their 
algorithms and are encouraged to implement solutions that 
could potentially mitigate bias and unfair outcomes. However, 
adding fairness constraints to an algorithm would naturally 
reduce its efficiency, creating a tradeoff that is difficult for 
managers to assess: how much efficiency would be sacrificed 
to ensure more fair outcomes? In this paper we quantify this 
tradeoff by empirically measuring the cost (i.e., the loss in 
efficiency) of ensuring individual and group fairness. To do 
so, we analyze algorithmic predictions in real world data 
across multiple contexts, including credit card defaults, 
marketing messaging recommendations, and income 
predictions using Census data.”
2 - Economic Models of Algorithmic Fairness
Bo Cowgill, Columbia University, New York, NY
We present perspectives on algorithmic fairness from 
microeconomics. We highlight the distinction between biased 
algorithmic predictions and biased algorithmic objectives. We 
conclude by discussing economic issues in policy policy and 
managerial practices around reducing algorithmic unfairness.
3 - An Empirical Investigation of Whether 
Algorithmic Pricing induces Disparate Impact 
in Online Retailing
Rafael Becerril Arreola, University of South Carolina, 
Columbia, SC
This work investigates the presence and nature of disparate 
impact in online retailing. A custom-built auditing platform 
collected price data from a major online retailer, including 
20,000 different grocery products at more than 7,000 
randomly-selected zip codes in the continental . Prices 
were then matched to consumer demographic data from 
the U.S. census and IRS. The data collected indicates that 
prices are higher for zip codes with higher average income, 
larger proportions of low-income consumers, and larger 
proportions of minority consumers. Most results hold even 
without automated recommendations, but price steering 
induces somewhat different correlations between prices and 
demographics. The results do not seem to be explained by 
consumer demand, supply-side costs, nor price elasticities.
TA12
Virtual Room 12
Consumer Behavior I
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Caner Cesmeci
Istanbul Technical University, Turkey
1 - The Power of Nature: Exposure to Nature 
Increases Consumers’ Waiting Patience
Sunxu Xu, Renmin University of China, Beijing, China 
Ying Ding
Despite the ubiquitous presence of waiting in consumption 
situations, little research attention has been given to the 
environmental factors that might influence consumers’ waiting 
patience. In the current research, we aim to investigate 
the influence of exposure to nature on consumers’ waiting 
patience when the chosen alternative is temporarily 
unavailable. Building on the extant literature, we propose 
that exposure to nature can increase consumers’ feeling 
of relaxation when confronted with waiting, which allows 
them to shift their attention away from the passage of time. 
Consequently, the waiting time seems to pass quickly and 
consumers will exhibit greater waiting patience. We first 
run a field experiment to demonstrate that exposure to 
nature can lead consumers to wait longer for the chosen 
alternative and have a higher willingness to wait (Study 1, N 
= 214). Study 2 (N = 204) explores the underlying process 
and the results show that the proposed effect is sequentially 
mediated by relaxation and the estimated speed of waiting 
time passage. Moreover, we explore the moderating role 
of perceived future time limitation in Study 3 (N = 360). As 
predicted, for consumers with a low perceived future time 
limitation, exposure to nature can significantly increase their 
waiting patience; however, the effect of exposure to nature 
is mitigated for consumers with a high perceived future time 
limitation. Our findings advance the existing research by 
introducing exposure to nature as a novel environmental 
factor of waiting patience. Managerially, to increase 
consumers’ waiting patience, marketers can add natural 
elements to the marketing environments, for example, pot 
plants and nature sounds.
2 - Exploring Consumers’ Need to Own
Richard Chau, Doctoral Student, Pepperdine University 
Graziadio Business School, Malibu, CA
Joy L. Shields, Doreen E. Shanahan, Cristel A. Russell
This project advances a nomological network and embarks 
on scale development to better capture the definition and 
dimensionality of the ‘need to own’ construct. Although 
some predicted the End of Ownership (Perzanowski and 
Schultz 2017), research suggests there are systematic 
individual differences such as intelligence (Aspara and 
Wittkowski 2019) that may drive consumers toward more 
liquid forms of consumption. Or, having a strong sense that 
something is mine increases consumers’ territorial tendencies 
(Kirk, Peck, and Swain 2018). Research on deownership 
orientation shows that some individuals are more willing 
to rent or lend than to own (Lindblom and Lindblom 2016). 
Yet, consumers with high deownership orientation are more 
likely to have compulsive and impulsive digital acquisition 
tendencies (Koklic, Kukar-Kinney, and Vida 2022). Hence, 
as Lamberton and Goldsmith (2020) suggest, there may be 
innate antecedents of tendencies toward solid ownership. 
Following the 21st century’s regained enthusiasm for the 
study of basic psychological needs (Vansteenkiste, Ryan, and 
Soenens 2020), we explore whether a trait-like disposition 
such as ‘need to own’ may transcend existing notions of 
materialism and whether consumers vary in their tendencies 
to be the sole owner of tangible or digital objects. The 
first phase of our study included qualitative interviews with 
consumer dyads, people in a relationship. We constructed 
a deep nomological network for how consumers’ ‘need to 
own’ relates to other central constructs at the intersection of 
possessing/owning and liquid/solid. The second phase will be 
the item generation and testing phase followed by a series 
of studies designed to assess the reliability and validity of the 
newly developed measure.
3 - Life Transitions Enhance Receptivity to 
Sustainability Behaviors
Yandou Lu, Virginia Tech, Blacksburg, VA
, Dipankar Chakravarti
Although appeals for environment-friendly and sustainable 
consumption behaviors rarely meet overt opposition, 
motivating consumers to adopt and maintain sustainability 
behaviors is an ongoing challenge. Our research aims to 
identify triggering cues that create consumer mindsets 
that are attuned to being more receptive to implementing 
(and maintaining) sustainability behaviors.Life transitions, 
whether temporal (e.g., a birthday or a new year), locational 
(e.g., a new home or a new office), personal (e.g., marriage, 
family additions), or professional (e.g., graduation, or a new 
job) involve discontinuities that create opportunities to 
revisit prior habits and behaviors and adopting new ones 
(Verplanken & Roy 2016). Whether positive or negative, 
such transitions create life-script changes that may place 
individuals in a fresh-start mindset (Price et al. 2018) where 
they may be more receptive to new goals and lifestyles 
that are consistent with self-transformation.We propose 
and empirically test the idea that consumers may be more 
receptive to propositions advocating the adoption of new 
sustainability behaviors (e.g., recycling, energy conservation, 
food habits) in the presence (versus absence) of a salient 
transition cue (temporal, locational, etc.). This facilitates 
the adoption of the advocated behavior even in the face of 
serious incremental cost and/or effort penalties. We further 
argue that such adoption is mediated by a self-generated 
fresh-start mindset that is triggered by the transition. We 
also propose and show that if the behavior is promoted and 
as a default option (Jachimowicz et al, 2019), the behavior 
change may be more enduring. Our findings have significant 
implications for policymakers interested in instilling pro-
sustainability consumer behaviors.
4 - Aggregate Review Metrics vs. Individual 
Reviews: How do They Affect Risk Perception 
and Product Judgment?
Caner Cesmeci, Istanbul Technical University, 
Istanbul, Turkey
Sebnem Burnaz
This research examines how consumers use aggregate review 
metrics (ARM) (e.g., average ratings) and individual reviews 
(IR) (e.g., review texts) to estimate the risk perception and 
make a judgment about a product. First, we provide a novel 
conceptualization of ARM as a base rate cue, consisting of 
abstract, aggregated, category-level, and pallid elements; 
likewise, IR as a case information cue, consisting of concrete, 
idiosyncratic, and vivid elements. In this sense, drawing on 
construal level theory, we suggest that consumers’ reliance 
on ARM (IR) will be enhanced (weakened) by psychological 
distance. The research includes two studies. First, a list of 
elements that influence relative importance of the cue types 
(i.e., ARM vs. IR) on consumer decision-making is compiled 
using the critical incident technique. Then, to test our 
hypothesis, an experimental study is designed. Psychological 
distance is manipulated via two scenarios signaling a 
purchase for self vs. others. Overall, the findings provide initial 
evidence that consumers’ utilization of IR (ARM) is increased 
(decreased) when purchasing a product for themselves. 
Contrarily, consumers’ utilization of ARM (IR) is increased 
(decreased) when purchasing a product for others. To the best 
of our knowledge, this is the first conceptual and empirical 
study that investigates relative importance of ARM and IR on 
perceived risk and product judgment in light of construal level 
theory. Early findings contribute to the existing literature of 
eWOM and construal level theory, as well as provide novel 
insights for managers as to prioritization of cue types (i.e., 
ARM vs. IR) in line with psychological distance of consumers.
TA13
Virtual Room 13
Online Reviews and User-Generated Content
Special Sessions
Chair: Andreas Bayerl
University of Mannheim
1 - Dynamic Triggering Effects for Online 
Content: A Bayesian Nonparametric Approach
Yang Li, Cheung Kong Graduate School of Business 
(CKGSB), Beijing, 100738, China, yangli@ckgsb.edu.cn
Jinnan Huang, Jiapeng Liu, Xiuwu Liao
Internet users exhibit diverse and evolving interest in online 
content creation (e.g., post and comment) and consumption 
(e.g., read, upvote, and repost). Earlier discussion of certain 
topics may trigger discussion of other topics in the near 
future. To understand the evolving mutual influences between 
different user-generated contents over time, we develop a 
novel Bayesian nonparametric topic model that integrates 
mutually exciting point processes (MEPP) with Indian buffet 
processes (IBP). While the MEPP considers the presence of 
topics as dependent stochastic events in continuous time, 
the nonparametric IBP flexibly accommodates diverse latent 
triggering factors within the MEPP. We apply the integrated 
model to content data collected from Quora, a well-known 
online Q&A community, where new topics are often follow-
ups of previous discussion. We use sequential Monte 
Carlo to efficiently estimate the nonparametric model. The 
results show that our proposed model can not only produce 
meaningful topics, but also uncover dynamic triggering 
patterns between topics over time.
2 - Pride and Prejudice in Online Reviews
Leif Brandes, University of Lucerne, Luzern, 6005, 
Switzerland, leif.brandes@unilu.ch
Online reviews for hotels are among the most frequently read 
types of online reviews. A common feature of hotels is that 
they bring together travelers with different nationalities and 
from different cultural backgrounds. Such cultural differences 
may give rise to misunderstandings and stereotypes. In this 
paper, we use a large sample of hotel bookings and online 
reviews and investigate to what extent such stereotypes 
exist in real online reviews. Based on research in social 
psychology and politics, we first define national stereotypes 
as statements that represent generalizations - both positive 
and negative - of individuals’ attitudes and behavior, based 
on these individuals’ nationality alone. Using a training 
sample of 1,500 annotated review sentences, we then use 
state-of-the-art machine learning techniques to classify an 
additional sample of 10,000 sentences which contain the 
mentioning of a nationality. These findings revealed that 
around 25% of these sentences included at least one national 
stereotype. Motivated by this result, we then investigate 
the antecedents and consequences of such national 
stereotypes in online reviews.
3 - Consumer Word-of-Mouth and Social 
Hierarchies: How Recipient Rank Influences 
Message Valence
Chris du Plessis, Assistant Professor, Singapore 
Management University, Singapore
David Dubois
This research investigates how recipient rank—whether 
a word-of-mouth (WOM) recipient is ranked lower, equal 
to, or higher than the WOM sender—influences WOM 
valence. We propose that WOM senders are less motivated 
to affiliate with lower-rank (vs. higher- or equal-rank) WOM 
recipients and thus share less positive information with these 
recipients. We tested the recipient rank effect in diverse 
WOM contexts, including real interactions with economic 
consequences. Seven experiments (n = 3,666) show that 
the recipient rank effect is (a) mediated by the affiliation 
motivation, (b) is attenuated among WOM senders with low 
self-monitoring motivation, which reflects low sensitivity 
to affiliation cues, and (c) disappears when the recipient is 
explicitly an in-group (vs. out-group) member. We rule out 
four alternative explanations: differential product selection, 
perceived responsibility, role expectations, and reputational 
concern. Finally, we test a simple intervention for marketers: 
the negative effect of recipient rank on WOM valence 
disappears when WOM senders are encouraged to bond with 
the WOM recipient. Taken together, this work sheds new light 
on the impact of audience characteristics on WOM valence, 
elucidates why, how, and when recipient rank influences WOM 
valence, and offers actionable implications for managers for 
recruiting WOM advocates.
4 - Online Employer Reviews - On the Interplay 
Between Money and Workplace Vibes
Andreas Bayerl, University of Mannheim, 
Mannheim, Germany
Jacob Goldenberg, Danny Shapira, Florian Stahl
In this paper we study the newly emergent type of user-
generated content platforms that collect and share employee-
generated content (EGC) about companies, with the goal 
of helping job seekers find a job and company they love 
(Glassdoor 2021). In particular, we examine online employer 
reviews from two perspectives. First, from the perspective 
of someone writing and sharing a review (employee 
perspective), we show that a company’s workplace vibes have 
a greater impact on employees’ workplace recommendations 
than salary. This finding is most pronounced for employees 
in relatively well-paid jobs. We find that above a certain 
threshold, higher salaries are even associated with a 
decreasing likelihood to recommend the employer. This 
counter-intuitive result concerning high salaries is due to 
a personal cost-benefit tradeoff that develops unfavorably 
towards the personal costs and against the personal benefits 
of additional salary. Second, from the perspective of someone 
who is searching for an ideal job and considering employer 
reviews in his/her decision to apply for available positions 
in a company (job seeker perspective), we document that 
EGC is able to capture good vibes at companies and make 
them apparent to the outside world. As a result, companies 
can benefit from having good online employer reviews 
through a higher likelihood of filling an open position, a 
decreased likelihood that candidates reject an offer, and the 
possibility to pay less while applicants still accept a job with 
the same likelihood.
TA14
Virtual Room 14
Advances in Bayesian Modeling and 
Computation: Learning Preferences
Special Sessions
Chair: Ryan Dew
University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA 
Co-Chair: Nicolas Padilla
London Business School, London, United Kingdom
1 - Preference Measurement with Unstructured 
Data, with Applications to Adaptive 
Onboarding Surveys
Ryan Dew, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA
A common problem in recommendation systems is the cold 
start problem: how can we make a recommendation to a new 
customer, without any prior purchase data? Such problems 
are particularly salient for increasingly common online 
subscription businesses, where initial recommendations can 
shape whether potential customers decide to subscribe, 
and how their preferences evolve subsequently. The need 
to assess a new customers’ preferences quickly, and without 
prior purchase data, has led to the increasing prevalence 
of customer on-boarding surveys, wherein companies ask 
potential or current customers a series of questions aimed at 
understanding their preferences, without having observed any 
purchasing. While such on-boarding surveys are a relatively 
recent development in e-commerce, the idea of learning the 
most information about a customer’s preferences as possible 
using the fewest questions has been studied extensively in 
offline marketing research, in the context of adaptive conjoint 
analysis. In this work, we bridge these two domains using 
a combination of representation learning for unstructured 
data, and Bayesian optimization for on-the-fly estimation of 
preferences. We apply this framework both in the context of 
an on-boarding survey for an online subscription business, 
and in the context of traditional preference measurement.
2 - Relaxing Functional Form in Choice Models 
through Gaussian Processes
Samuel I. Levy, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA
Richard Mirman, Alan Montgomery
Consumers change their choice as expenditures within 
a category increase. Traditional choice models usually 
make restrictive structural assumptions to specify the 
expenditure elasticity. This imposed functional form of utility 
strongly influences the range of estimable substitution 
patterns across goods. Consumers with highly nonlinear 
preferences may have consumption thresholds in which 
buying patterns dramatically change when price or budget 
changes. Understanding these thresholds with a flexible 
utility-based model could lead to improved pricing and 
promotion decisions. Using Gaussian process priors on utility 
functions, we relax the functional form of both inside goods 
and outside good, within the context of constrained utility 
maximization. We estimate a general direct utility choice 
model for simultaneous purchases within a product category. 
We build a hierarchical model by borrowing information from 
a parametric functional form that constitutes an informative 
prior at the individual level. Our model captures non-
linear rates of satiation and precise baseline preferences 
that traditional non-homothetic parametric models fail to 
capture by assuming a given functional form of utility. The 
proposed model automatically detects non-linear patterns 
of consumption from the data and provide a more precise 
statistical inference.
3 - Response Time in Choice-Based Conjoint: A 
Non-Parametric Approach
Hongjun Ye, Clarkson University, Potsdam, NY
Zhiya Zuo, Elea McDonnell Feit
In a choice-based conjoint study, researchers infer 
consumers’ preferences for product attributes based on a 
series of hypothetical product choices. It has been shown 
that response time for these choices is also informative of 
consumers’ preferences. However, previous approaches 
impose strict assumptions on how response time is related to 
choices and preferences, which may lead to bias in estimates 
of the preferences. We propose a model for response time 
and choice that flexibly relates response time to four features 
of the choice task -- question number, average attractiveness 
of the alternatives, difference in utility between the 
alternatives and importance-weighted attribute differences 
-- using a Gaussian process. We fit the model with data from 
a conjoint survey, which allows us to visualize the nonlinear 
multi-dimensional relationship between response time and 
the four features. We confirm prior findings that response 
time is related to the utility difference between alternatives 
and empirically show that response time is associated with 
the importance-weighted attribute differences between 
alternatives. The model estimated using response time 
predicts choice better than one fitted without response time. 
We discuss how the model can be used to improve conjoint 
practice and extend our understanding of response time 
and choice mechanism.
Thursday, 10:15–11:15am
TB01
Virtual Room 01
Game Theory I
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Yogesh V Joshi
University of Maryland, College Park, MD
1 - Artificial Intelligence on Call: The 
Physician’s Decision of Whether to use AI in 
Clinical Practice
Shubhranshu Singh, Johns Hopkins University, 
Baltimore, MD
Tinglong Dai
Physicians are increasingly able to use artificial intelligence 
(AI) systems to aid their medical decision-making. This 
paper examines a physician’s decision regarding whether 
to use an assistive AI system when prescribing a treatment 
plan for a patient. Using AI helps the physician generate an 
informative signal that lessens clinical uncertainty. It can also 
change the physician’s legal liability in the event of patient 
harm. We analyze two patient-protection schemes that 
determine physician liability when using AI: the prevailing 
patient-protection scheme uses the AI signal to enforce 
the current standard of care, whereas an emerging scheme 
proposes using the AI signal as the new standard of care. We 
show that in both schemes, the physician has an incentive 
to use AI in low-uncertainty scenarios, even if AI provides 
little value. Furthermore, the physician may avoid using AI 
in higher-uncertainty scenarios where AI could have aided 
in better decision-making. As AI becomes more precise, the 
physician may become more hesitant to use it on certain 
patients. A comparison of the physician’s decision to use AI 
under the two schemes reveals that using the AI signal as 
the new standard of care may mitigate AI underuse (overuse) 
for certain patients but may boost AI underuse (overuse) for 
some other patients.
2 - Behavior-Based Pricing under 
Nontransparent Pricing
Xi Li, University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong, China
Firms frequently collect consumers’ purchase history data 
for behavior-based pricing (BBP), the business practice of 
offering personalized prices to each of their consumers 
according to their purchase histories. Extant literature has 
studied BBP under the assumption that prices are transparent, 
i.e., the price that a firm offers to a consumer is observed by 
other firms and consumers. In practice, firms often offer each 
consumer an individualized price (e.g., through personalized 
mobile coupons) without it being observed by other firms or 
consumers. In this paper, we study the effect of BBP when 
prices are non-transparent to market participants other 
than the offering firm and the receiving consumer. We find 
that, when prices are non-transparent, BBP intensifies price 
competition in both periods, thereby eroding firm profits 
significantly. This finding suggests that BBP’s intensification of 
price competition may be more pronounced than previously 
known. Comparing the cases in which prices are transparent 
and non-transparent, we find that price transparency 
improves firm profits but hurts consumer surplus. This result 
cautions public policymakers that practices that improve 
price transparency (e.g., data exchange between firms) can 
ultimately backfire on consumers.
3 - Co-creation in New Product Development: 
Collaborating with the Competitor in the 
Presence of a Shared Supplier
Abhishek Roy, Temple University, Fox School of Business, 
Philadelphia, PA, , abhishek.roy@temple.edu
The increasing complexity of technology has resulted 
in the emergence of a few key suppliers, and new 
product development has become a complex endeavor. 
Consequently, firms are increasingly involving their 
suppliers in co-creating new products and services through 
collaborative alliances. In many industries, such suppliers 
are shared by competing manufacturers. In such industries, 
competing manufacturers may benefit from forming alliances 
and co-creating new products jointly with their shared 
suppliers. Using a game theoretic model, we analyze the 
strategic interactions in such a collaborative alliance and 
examine the strategic trade-offs that arise when competing 
buyers decide to co-create a common component with the 
supplier, instead of relying on the supplier to independently 
develop the component. Our research highlights several 
interesting results. First, we show that in an industry 
where a few key suppliers are common to most buyers or 
manufacturers, such in the smartphone and electric vehicle 
industries, and the quality of the common component is 
critical to consumer demand, collaborative design processes 
improve the quality of the shared component produced by 
the common supplier. Furthermore, as consumers attach 
more value to the quality of the shared component, the 
quality of the component increases as more firms participate 
in the co-design process. Conversely, when consumers do 
not value the quality of the component highly enough, 
a collaborative endeavor to co-design the component 
may backfire. Additionally, whether the quality of the 
component will increase by involving more firms in co-design 
depends on other market conditions, such as the firms’ 
costs of exerting effort, and the direct and indirect price 
sensitivities of the consumers.
4 - Public Private Product Design
Yogesh V Joshi, University of Maryland, College Park, MD
Shubhranshu Singh
Certain consumption contexts involve the design of products 
which can be fairly resource intensive to produce. In such 
contexts, it is common to observe public institutions such 
as governments make substantial investments required for 
designing products that improve social welfare. In these 
environments, it is also not uncommon to observe the 
presence of private institutions that leverage these substantial 
investments in order to design products that generate profits. 
We model such public-private interactions and analyze the 
implications of these interactions on product design in such 
consumption contexts. We find that the presence of private 
institutions does not always lead to enhancements in product 
quality. There exist market conditions under which the 
public and private entities co-exist to enable better product 
designs that lead to higher social welfare. However, public-
private interactions in product design are not always socially 
beneficial: we also find that under certain constraints, the 
presence of a private institution can lead to product designs 
that reduce welfare.
TB02
Virtual Room 02
Behavioral IO: Theory and Evidence I
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Walter Zhang
University of Chicago
1 - An Information-Processing Theory of 
Loss Aversion
J. Miguel Villas-Boas, University of California, Berkeley, CA
This paper considers a model where a risk-neutral decision-
maker receives both a signal about whether an outcome is 
above a certain threshold (a reference point) and a signal 
on the value of the outcome. Given these two signals, the 
expected value function of the outcome exhibits diminishing 
sensitivities both above and below the reference point. 
Furthermore, in the examples considered loss aversion 
occurs if the reference point is not too high. The paper 
shows how the informativeness of each signal affects the 
declining sensitivities and loss aversion effects, and reduces 
to risk-neutral decision-making when the signal on the value 
of outcome is perfectly informative. The loss aversion effects 
occur for low reference points because of the signal on the 
value of the outcome, and because the decision-maker may 
pay greater attention to the less likely low outcomes.
2 - Categorization Meets Prospect Theory: 
Distorted Perceptions of Probabilities and 
Outcomes Crossing Categorical Boundaries
Alina Ferecatu, RSM Erasmus University, Rotterdam, 
Netherlands
Dan Schley
We investigate the impact of numerical categorisation on 
Prospect Theory. Prospect Theory models how people 
distort objective probabilities and outcomes, and documents 
behavioral regularities such as diminishing sensitivity to 
increasing outcomes (the value function), a tendency 
to overweight low probability events, and a tendency 
to underweight high probability events (the probability 
weighting function). When describing a prospect, which is a 
combination of an outcome and its probability of occurrence, 
objective values and probabilities are often represented 
numerically, therefore additional distortion may arise due 
to how people encode and categorize these numbers. One 
example of such categorization is the well-documented left-
digit effect, which is a tendency to focus on the leftmost digit 
of a number and not pay sufficient attention to the remaining 
digits. For instance, an objective value of 435 tends to be 
underestimated, and seen as 400 and something. The left-
digit bias is present in various context, including pricing (e.g., 
99-cent pricing). We demonstrate that this categorization 
effect is present when people evaluate both outcomes and 
probabilities of prospects, leading to additional distortion in 
both the value and the probability weighting functions. We 
build and validate a categorization-based Prospect Theory 
model, integrating models of left-digit bias (DellaVigna 2009, 
Lacetera et al. 2012, Strulov-Shlain 2021) and the Prospect 
Theory model. We document an increased sensitivity to 
changes in subjective values and probability weights when 
crossing categorical boundaries, leading to discontinuous 
jumps in values and weights. As next steps, we plan to 
validate our model on multiple data sets spanning different 
literatures from finance, economics, and marketing.
3 - Nudging Misperceptions
Walter W. Zhang, University of Chicago Booth School of 
Business, Chicago, IL
Sanjog Misra
We propose a framework for welfare analysis of nudges when 
consumers hold potentially biased beliefs. We estimate a 
structural model of the influence of nudges on consumer 
beliefs and purchase decisions in the context of a large food 
delivery platform. We identify the model by combining panel 
data on consumer purchasing behavior with variation from 
a randomized field experiment that nudged consumers to 
purchase the platform’s subscription service. Consumers 
make a repeated monthly decision on whether to renew 
this subscription service whose benefit depends on the 
consumers’ expected consumption. Consumers hold biased 
beliefs if they make repeated subscription mistakes from an 
ex-post perspective. Nudges have a substantial effect on 
subscriptions as well as 90 day on-platform consumption. 
However, nudges have an ambiguous effect on consumer 
welfare as only some consumers are made better off by 
purchasing the subscription. We show how policy makers 
can leverage these heterogeneous treatment effects and 
the structural model to optimally target nudges in order to 
maximize consumer or producer surplus.
TB03
Virtual Room 03
Influencer Marketing II
Special Sessions
Co-Chair: Daniel Shapira
Guilford Glazer School of Business & Management, 
Beer Sheva, Israel
Chair: Andreas Lanz
HEC Paris, Paris, France
1 - Influence Corridors: A New Path to Seeding 
Targets on User-Generated Content Platforms
Andreas Lanz, HEC Paris, Paris, France
, Jacob Goldenberg, Daniel Shapira, Florian Stahl
On user-generated content platforms, individuals and 
firms alike seek to build and expand their follower base to 
increase the reach of the content they upload. This setting 
generally belongs to influencer marketing, where the bulk 
of the seeding literature suggests targeting users with a 
large following—the high-status influencers. In contrast, 
some recent studies find targeting low-status influencers to 
be a more effective seeding policy to build a follower base 
due to their higher responsiveness. We revisit these two 
opposing policies and investigate how social capital—the 
value embedded in the expanding follower base—can 
directly support seeding efforts. Based on the rationale that 
the follower base serves as an intermediary of group identity, 
we demonstrate in data-based simulations that using the 
first-degree followers as influence corridors to target the 
low-status second-degree followers—i.e., the connected 
low-status influencers—is much more effective than targeting 
(1) unconnected high-status influencers and (2) unconnected 
low-status influencers. We augment the empirical study 
on this friends of friends phenomenon with a pre-
registered field experiment and thereby obtain convergent 
validity of our findings.
2 - Optimising Seeding Strategies by 
Incorporating Empirical Evidence into 
Influence Maximisation Models
Manuel Sebastian Mariani, University of Zurich, Zuerich, 
Switzerland
, Radu Tanase Jx Rene Algesheimer
The opportunity to capitalize on social contagion has led 
many firms to invest significant resources in modelling the 
diffusion of products in a social network and in identifying 
the best seeding strategies. While extensive literature has 
been devoted to addressing both topics, incorporating 
this knowledge to predict and engineer virality remains 
a difficult task. Recent findings show that many existing 
influence maximization models surprisingly fail to integrate 
empirical evidence, which leads to a biased estimation 
of the influence propagation and to a sub-optimal 
identification of the seed nodes.
In this article, we propose a framework to estimate the 
individual susceptibility to social influence from observed 
product choices and integrate it into modelling product 
diffusion. To illustrate the approach, we integrate the findings 
of a laboratory experiment with an agent-based model. In 
the experiment, we use a conjoint design to measure the 
individual susceptibility to social influence from observed 
product choices. We show that the mean individual threshold 
significantly correlates with the psychological measurement 
of susceptibility to social influence. We use the experimental 
results to calibrate a threshold model of product diffusion in a 
social network, where the thresholds are empirically estimated 
in the lab experiment. We find that using artificially generated 
thresholds can lead to a biased estimation of the influence 
propagation and quantify this effect. Furthermore, we 
propose a method to construct an optimal portfolio of seed 
nodes with an ordinary number of contacts, and show that it 
outperforms seeding high degree nodes.Overall, our findings 
shed light on the drivers of social contagion, establish a link 
between micro-level observations and macro-level outcomes, 
and provide insight into designing more effective viral 
marketing campaigns.
3 - The Path to Fame - Exploiting Curator 
Networks to Predict Human Brand Success
Daniel Winkler, University of Economics and Business-
Vienna, Vienna, Austria
Nils Wlömert, Lev Muchnik, Jacob Goldenberg
On access-based music streaming services users are 
confronted with seemingly unlimited choice and content 
owners such as artists and music labels compete for the users´ 
limited time. To help consumers navigate, curated playlists 
have emerged as a new tool to influence demand. Despite 
their importance, the role of playlist curators in shaping 
demand is not well understood. On the one hand, curators 
base their decisions to include a song on their playlists on 
information about new songs before they become available 
and they may thus influence the trajectories of these songs. 
On the other hand, curators may select songs that are already 
successful and, hence, merely react to a song’s positive 
trajectory. In this research, we develop a methodology 
to determine the importance of playlist curators using a 
combination of machine learning methods and network 
analysis techniques. The model is trained on weekly curation 
information for a sample of 11,000 playlists over a period of 
more than one year. By placing each playlist in a latent space, 
we determine their centrality in a dynamic network of playlists 
at a given point in time. We then relate the aggregate weekly 
centrality scores to streaming data on the song-level for a 
sample of 182,000 songs. Our findings reveal that playlist 
centrality is the key determinant of a song’s success and that 
playlist centrality is relatively more important than the number 
of playlist followers since large playlists tend to list songs 
once they have achieved a certain level of success. We further 
find that songs particularly benefit from influential playlists 
in an early stage of the product lifecycle and that the playlist 
effect is stronger for independent and long-tail artists, who 
are generally less likely to be discovered via other channels 
due to limited marketing budgets. The results are relevant for 
content publishers, whose investments in new talent are both 
costly and risky due to the low success rate in this market.
4 - Targeting Prospective Influencers on User-
Generated Content Platforms
Daniel Shapira, Ben-Gurion University, Beer Sheva, Israel
Andreas Lanz, Jacob Goldenberg, Florian Stahl
Given the ubiquity of user-generated content platforms, 
endorsements by influencers have become an integral 
part of online communications. But excessive monetary 
compensations and existing contractual agreements of 
influencers limit the ability of many firms to engage in 
effective influencer seeding. We suggest a different approach, 
which is forward-looking: A manager can target prospective 
influencers—while they are still largely unknown (e.g., a few 
months after sign-up)—and sign them to endorse the firm 
in the far future (e.g., dozens of months after sign-up). This 
approach has the potential to significantly reduce costs. 
However, because of the inherent and extreme financial 
uncertainty (as only rarely do new sign-ups ultimately become 
influencers), we propose a novel framework to cope with this 
rare-event problem. The idea is to build on expected utility 
theory using a dynamic Bellman-like formalism to account 
for three managerial trade-offs: the present-future, risk-
return, and gain- loss trade-offs. For empirical demonstration 
and application, we conduct data-based simulations using 
a dataset from SoundCloud in which we apply various 
prediction models (e.g., deep learning, extreme gradient 
boosting, logistic regression, and rare-event models by Firth 
(1993) as well as King and Zeng (2001a,b)).
TB04
Virtual Room 04
CRM II
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Sharmistha Sikdar
Dartmouth College, Hanover, NH
1 - What Makes Customers Come Back? : 
Satisfaction, Intention, and Retention in the 
Casino Industry Pre Post COVID-19
Sanghee Nina Kim, University of Iowa, Iowa City, IA
Thomas S Gruca
There is a growing body of evidence that customer 
satisfaction increases customer retention and retention 
drives firm performance. However, empirical studies of 
this relationship are generally limited to aggregate, firm-
level analyses. The few studies that model individuals 
tend to focus on either the links between satisfaction and 
behavioral intentions or satisfaction and actual behavior. 
At the same time, satisfaction does not have a consistently 
positive effect on retention. This study reexamines the link 
between customer satisfaction and actual as mediated 
by behavioral intention, e.g., repurchase intention. Using 
individual customer levels of data from the casino industry, 
we establish the causal mechanisms among satisfaction, 
behavioral intention, and retention. This study extends the 
concept of retention beyond the usual binary view (Yes/No) 
by modeling changes in spending amount and recency versus 
customer history. These metrics provide managers with a 
better guideline for diagnosing and monitoring the effects of 
satisfaction on customer behaviors. Furthermore, the casino 
industry went through lockdown due to Covid-19 which allows 
us to examine the robustness of the relationships among 
satisfaction, intentions, and actual behaviors in the setting 
of a natural experiment. Our findings contribute to a better 
understanding of what factors drive customer retention, visit 
recency, and spending behavior.
2 - The Impact of Feedback Touchpoints in the 
Curated Subscription Box Industry
Kihyun Hannah Kim, Rutgers Business School, Newark/
New Brunswick, NJ
Nita Umashankar, Thomas Reutterer
Curated subscription box services are booming. A key 
characteristic of these services is their multiple feedback 
touchpoints to garner continuous reactions and opinions 
from customers throughout the customer relationship. The 
customer feedback collected through multiple touchpoints 
offers box service firms the opportunity to learn about their 
customer experience and help box services encourage 
customers to repeatedly agree to receive a box and, upon 
doing so, buy the box’s products. We use a unique dataset 
with customer purchase and feedback touchpoint histories 
from a national apparel subscription box service to examine 
the differential effects of feedback touchpoints on customers’ 
future box order and spending decisions. We find that while 
soliciting feedback allows firms to learn about customers, the 
impact of customer feedback on customers’ future purchase 
decisions is not always positive. Customers’ willingness 
to provide comments may signal their cocreation efforts, 
positively affecting purchasing decisions. However, the 
effects of feedback touchpoints depend on the type, and 
the timing of feedback solicited. We believe the findings of 
this research will interest customer experience designers at 
subscription box service firms.
3 - Creating More Successful Journeys by 
Managing Holidays And Abandonment
Sharmistha Sikdar, Assistant Professor, Dartmouth 
College, Hanover, NH
Wayne Taylor, Scott Andrew Neslin, Wenyu Jiao
In online retailing, a typical customer journey involves several 
customer actions, e.g., clicks on firm-served marketing 
communications, customer directed organic search, followed 
by more complex browsing behavior and finally a decision 
to buy. As a result, some of these journeys result in a sale, 
while others are abandoned along the way. We introduce 
a third possibility, that the customer does not abandon the 
journey but takes a break or holiday from search and buy 
activities with the firm and returns at a later point to resume 
the journey and potentially buy. We use clickstream data from 
a large travel site to model the path to purchase, accounting 
for holidays. The data include impressions (ads), engagement 
(clicks), and conversions (any customer-generated behavior, 
such as site visits and sales confirmations). Using this empirical 
setting and latent constructs, our goal is to predict the next 
customer action, i.e., a visit, a sale, or inactivity. Furthermore, 
conditional upon the inactivity, we infer whether the customer 
has entered a period of holiday or whether the customer has 
indeed abandoned the journey. Predicting a customer action 
such as sale, journey abandonment or customer churn, and 
holiday is important for managers to determine the next best 
possible action, e.g., whether to serve an ad to the customer. 
Furthermore, evaluating the attribution of the outcome (sale 
or journey abandonment) to the past set of touchpoints 
and platforms is crucial for managers to examine which 
touchpoints are most likely to lead to a success, i.e., a sale.
TB05
Virtual Room 05
Search & Pricing & Mobile
Special Sessions
Chair: Georgios Zervas
Boston University School of Management, Boston 
University School of Management, Brookline, MA, 
02445-7610, 
Co-Chair: Pinar Yildirim
University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA
Co-Chair: Yufeng Huang
University of Rochester, Rochester, NY
Co-Chair: Kosuke Uetake
Yale School of Management, New Haven, CT
1 - Search Routes in Mobile Commerce
Luna Zhang, University of Washington Tacoma, 
Tacoma, WA
Elisabeth Honka, Yuliang Yao, Raluca Ursu
When shopping online for a product, consumers can reach 
a product list page via multiple routes: by going through a 
category page, by directly typing the product name in the 
search field, by going through a sale page, etc. Previous 
research has largely ignored how consumers choose 
between these routes and how, in turn, these routes affect 
which products consumers subsequently see, browse, and 
potentially purchase. Our novel data from a mobile shopping 
app contain detailed information on consumer browsing for 
sandals throughout the app over a time period of six months. 
We use an adapted version of the theoretical Greminger 
(2021) model to empirically examine how consumers 
choose a search route and how this choice affects browsing 
and purchase decisions.
2 - An Empirical Analysis of Optimal 
Nonlinear Pricing
Soheil Ghili, Yale University, New Haven, CT
In ``continuous choice’’ settings, consumers decide not only 
whether but also how much to purchase. As a result, firms 
should optimize a full price schedule rather than a single 
price point. This paper provides a methodology to empirically 
estimate the optimal schedule under multi-dimensional 
consumer heterogeneity. Preliminary results show that the 
optimal second-degree price discrimination (i.e., optimal 
nonlinear tariff) improves the firm’s profit upon linear 
pricing by about 10\%. That said, this second-degree price 
discrimination scheme only recovers 10\% of the gap between 
the profitability of linear pricing (i.e., no price discrimination) 
and that of infeasible first degree price discrimination. We 
also conduct further counterfactual analysis to shed more 
light on the effects of different parameters on the shape of 
the optimal nonlinear price schedule.
3 - Promoting Physical Activity through Prosocial 
Incentives on Mobile Platforms
Yuan Yuan, Purdue University, West Lafayette, IN
Christos Nicolaides, Alex Pentland, Dean Eckles
Mobile devices and applications provide new opportunities 
to promote healthy physical activity. Existing applications 
and research trials have made use of financial, social, and 
prosocial incentives for physical activity. However, little is 
known about the effects of prosocial incentives in particular. 
Here we provide evidence on effects of prosocial incentives 
on promoting physical activity. In a field experiment with 
more than 40 million users on a giant social platform in Asia, 
we remind users to interact with a step donation feature that 
associates users’ step counts with third party donations to 
charities; we estimate that interacting with this feature causes 
users to take over 1,000 additional steps in the short run. To 
supplement these experimental results, we further conduct 
matching on observational data to compare the effects of 
prosocial (step donation) and social incentives (via a feature 
where users may be encouraged by social comparisons of 
steps among friends), yielding evidence that the prosocial 
incentive may have larger effects in our setting. Finally, 
we discuss plausible prosocial motivations that drive step 
donation engagement and use a regression discontinuity 
design to identify users likely driven by warm glow giving. 
Overall, our study shows the potential of leveraging 
prosocial incentives to encourage physical activity and sheds 
light on possible further improvements on the design of 
prosocial incentives.
4 -  Flexible Demand Estimation with Search Data
Stephan Seiler, Imperial College London, London, 
United Kingdom
Tomomichi Amano, Andrew Rhodes
Traditional methods for estimating demand are not always 
well-suited to online markets, where individual products are 
sold infrequently, unobserved factors such as webpage layout 
drive substitution, and often only a limited set of product 
characteristics is observed. We propose a demand model 
where browsing data—which is abundant in many online 
settings— is used to infer individual consumers’ consideration 
sets. In our model, the underlying variables which drive 
consideration can be correlated arbitrarily across products. 
We estimate the model through a constraint maximization 
approach, based on the insight that these correlations should 
rationalize the product-pair co-search frequencies that are 
observed in the data. In turn, these correlations make it 
possible to estimate more flexible substitution patterns. We 
apply the model to data from an online retailer, recover the 
elasticity matrix, and solve for optimal prices.
TB06
Virtual Room 06
Machine Learning and AI II
Special Sessions
Chair: Venkatesh Shankar
Texas A&M University, College Station, TX
1 - Identifying Influential Users by Topic in User-
Generated Image Content
Mirai Igarashi, University of Tsukuba, Tokyo, Japan
Kunpeng Zhang, Pallassana K Kannan, Nobuhiko Terui
Social media users generate a variety of content which 
influence their followers’ behavior and preferences. In this 
study, we develop an approach to determine influential users 
who have significant impact on other users’ interest in the 
specific topics of user-generated image content. We propose 
a new variant of topic model with a hierarchical structure of 
vector auto-regressive model considering the evolution of 
topic distribution and the social influence among users on the 
levels of interest in content topics, extending the concepts 
of dynamic topic model and structural topi model. The 
methodology enables estimation of topic-specific influences 
from UGC data such that the social influence network varies 
across different topics. We not only identify the influential 
users for each topic of the content, but also illustrate the 
extent of the spillover of influence across topics. We apply the 
methodology to Pinterest data and show that the visualization 
of the estimated social influence on the network can provide 
insightful implications for social media marketing.
2 - Measuring and Mitigating Disintermediation 
on Two-sided Platforms: Insights from Airbnb 
and Location Big Data
Jinan Lin, University of California, Irvine, CA
Tingting Nian, Natasha Zhang Foutz
Two-sided online platforms, such as Airbnb and Freelancer, 
capture $40 billion onlinemarketplace. Nonetheless, 
disintermediation, where participants bypass platforms to 
transactdirectly, has challenged the business model and 
dwindled the profits of the platforms. Despiteexplicit and 
implicit mitigation strategies, little is known regarding 
the extent ofdisintermediation and differential efficacy of 
various mitigation policies. We present some of the first 
large-scale empirical evidence of disintermediation, quantify 
its magnitude, and evaluate the causal impacts of various 
mitigation policies. Analyses of the Airbnb occupancy data 
and population-scale individual-level location data, using 
geo-spatial analytics and other machine learning methods, 
reveal a 6.5% rate of disintermediation in Austin, TX during 
the Summer of 2019. Difference-in-Differences (DiD) analyses, 
augmented with matching, on four strategies suggest that 
Instant Bookable, which allows guests to book without 
requesting hosts’ approval, is most effective, reducing 
disintermediation by 10%, followed by Airbnb Plus certificate 
(6%), which requires application fees for on-site property 
inspections. In contrast, the Superhost badge and information 
concealment create no impact on reducing disintermediation. 
Further Difference-in-Difference-in-Differences (DDD) 
analyses of the heterogeneous treatment effects suggest 
that, for instance, the impact of Instant Bookable on 
disintermediation is weaker for the hosts with a preference 
for long-term leases, whereas stronger for those with more 
repeated online customers. The findings offer important 
managerial guidance to platforms regarding their mitigation 
and innovation strategies.
3 - How Does Zestimate Affect Housing Market 
Outcomes Across Socio-economic Segments?
Runshan Fu, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA
Yan Huang, Nitin Mehta, Param Vir Singh,  
Kannan Srinivasan
We study the impact of Zillow’s Zestimate on housing market 
outcomes and how the impact differs across socio-economic 
segments. Zestimate is produced by a machine learning 
algorithm using large amounts of data and aims to be an 
unbiased prediction of a home’s market value at any time. 
Zestimate can potentially help market participants in the 
housing market as identifying the value of a home is a non-
trivial task. However, inaccurate Zestimate could also lead to 
incorrect belief about property values and hinder the selling 
process. Meanwhile, Zestimate tends to be significantly more 
accurate for rich neighborhoods than poor neighborhoods, 
raising concerns that the benefits of Zestimate accrue largely 
to the rich, widening socio-economic inequality. We build 
a structural model of a housing market where sellers and 
buyers face uncertainty about property values, and estimate 
the model on a unique dataset consisting of 3,724 properties 
listed in Pittsburgh between February and October 2019. The 
counterfactual analysis suggests that Zestimate benefits the 
housing market as on average it increases both buyer welfare 
and seller welfare. Moreover, Zestimate actually reduces 
socio-economic inequality, as our results reveal that both rich 
and poor neighborhoods benefit from Zestimate but the poor 
neighborhoods benefit more.
4 - The Impact of Consumer Mobility and Store 
Flux on Consumer Response to Geo-fenced 
Promotional Ads: A Deep Learning Approach
Sanjana Surange, Texas A&M University, College 
Station, TX
Venkatesh Shankar
Consumer mobility is reshaping advertising spending. The 
average American drives nearly 30 miles for about 59 minutes 
every day and makes purchase decisions based on their 
mobility. Accordingly, marketers’ spending on location-based 
advertising is growing rapidly and is projected to reach 
$33 billion by 2023. Advertisers constantly seek a better 
understanding of how consumers’ geo-location and activities 
in the spatio-temporal dimension (driving trajectory) impact 
their response to promotional ads and purchase decisions. 
Prior research has studied human mobility in the contexts 
of telecom network expansion, traffic management, urban 
planning, and healthcare outcomes. However, research on 
consumer driving trajectories and their impact on in-store 
purchases is sparse. We analyze the impact of store flux 
(density of consumer driving trajectories in a store vicinity) 
on consumer response to geo-fenced promotional ads 
and in-store purchases. Using a unique dataset comprising 
over 427,000 users of a popular mobile app for safe 
driving, we address two important research questions: (1) 
How does store flux influence geo-fenced promotional ad 
effectiveness and in-store purchases of consumers? and (2) 
What segments can be extracted from an analysis of the 
responses to geo-fenced promotional ads and purchases? 
We develop a human mobility model to extract the driving 
trajectories of app users and propose a framework to define 
consumer mobility and store flux. We then use sequential 
deep learning models to extract consumer lifestyle patterns 
using their driving trajectories. Using these lifestyle patterns 
and store flux, we explain and predict consumer response 
to geo-fenced ads and their in-store purchases. Our 
results demonstrate the incremental value of consumer 
mobility and driving trajectories (beyond demographics) in 
explaining and predicting consumer response to geo-fenced 
promotional ads and in-store purchases. They also help better 
identify consumer segments and make more fine-tuned 
targeting decisions.
TB07
Virtual Room 07
Data-driven and Machine Learning Methods 
in Marketing
Special Sessions
Chair: Dennis Zhang
Washington University in St Louis, St Louis, MO
1 - Estimating Parameters of Structural Models 
Using Neural Networks
Zhenling Jiang, University of Pennsylvania, 
Philadelphia, PA
Yanhao Wei
Machine learning tools such as neural networks are 
increasingly applied in marketing and economics to learn 
complex relations in data. The learned relations allow 
machines to perform various tasks, such as recognizing 
objects from images or recognizing emotions from speech. 
This paper explores using a neural net to learn the relation 
between data (moments) and the parameter values of a 
structural economic model, so that it can recognize, or 
estimate, these parameter values from the data (moments). 
We train the neural net with the datasets generated by the 
structural model under different parameter values. The neural 
net can be trained to give not only the point estimates of 
parameters but also their statistical accuracy. We show this 
Neural Net Estimator (NNE) converges to meaningful and 
well-known limits when the number of training datasets is 
sufficiently large. NNE does not require computing integrals 
over the unobservables in the structural model. Thus, it is 
suitable for models where such integrals are costly in MLE/
GMM. We benchmark NNE in two Monte Carlo studies. 
NNE is able to achieve high estimation accuracies under very 
light estimation costs.
2 - Choice Overload with Search Cost and 
Anticipated Regret: Theoretical Framework 
and Field Evidence
Xiaoyang Long, University of Wisconsin-Madison, 
Madison, WI
Jiankun Sun, Hengchen Dai, Dennis Zhang
As consumers are offered an ever-increasing number of 
options for almost every purchase decision in online retail, 
understanding the impact of assortment size on consumer 
choice decisions---especially on both search and purchase 
behavior---is critical. Our research speaks to this question by 
combining theoretical modeling with empirical analyses in 
an important online retail context: recommender systems. 
Specifically, via a large-scale field experiment involving 1.6 
million consumers on an online retail platform, we causally 
examine how consumers’ click and purchase behavior 
changes as the number of products in a recommendation set 
increases. We document that both the consumers’ likelihood 
of making a purchase and their likelihood of starting a 
search (i.e., clicking on any of the products) first increase 
and then decrease as the number of options increases. We 
build a stylized two-stage model of consumers’ search and 
purchase decisions and demonstrate that our empirical 
results are consistent with the predictions of a model that 
incorporates consumers’ anticipated regret. We also discuss 
other proposed mechanisms of the choice overload effect 
in the literature and whether they can (or cannot) explain 
our observed results. Altogether, this work presents real-
world experimental evidence for the choice overload effect 
in the context of online recommender systems and provide 
prescriptive insights into when and how limiting the number 
of options may be beneficial to online retailers.
3 - Machine Learning Based Causal Inference with 
Multiple A/B Tests on Large-scale Platforms
Zikun Ye, UIUC, Urbana, IL
Dennis Zhang, Zhiqi Zhang, Heng Zhang, Renyu Zhang
We develop a new framework to estimate and infer the 
overall treatment effect of multiple experiments and identify 
the optimal experiment combination with partially observable 
outcomes. We propose a deep learning and semi-parametric 
statistics framework to estimate the HTE of any experiment 
combination for each user on the platform.
4 - Privacy-Preserving Dynamic Personalized 
Pricing with Demand Learning
Yining Wang, University of Florida, Gainesville, FL
Xi Chen, David Simchi-Levi
The prevalence of e-commerce has made detailed customers’ 
personal information readily accessible to retailers, and this 
information has been widely used in pricing decisions. When 
involving personalized information, how to protect the privacy 
of such information becomes a critical issue in practice. In 
this paper, we consider a dynamic pricing problem over T 
time periods with an \emph{unknown} demand function of 
posted price and personalized information. At each time 
t, the retailer observes an arriving customer’s personal 
information and offers a price. The customer then makes the 
purchase decision, which will be utilized by the retailer to 
learn the underlying demand function. There is potentially 
a serious privacy concern during this process: a third party 
agent might infer the personalized information and purchase 
decisions from price changes from the pricing system. Using 
the fundamental framework of differential privacy from 
computer science, we develop a privacy-preserving dynamic 
pricing policy, which tries to maximize the retailer revenue 
while avoiding information leakage of individual customer’s 
information and purchasing decisions. To this end, we first 
introduce a notion of \emph{anticipating} differential privacy 
that is tailored to dynamic pricing problem. Our policy 
achieves both the privacy guarantee and the performance 
guarantee in terms of regret.
TB08
Virtual Room 08
Brand Equity and Advertising
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Anthony Koschmann
Eastern Michigan University, South Lyon, MI
1 - The ‘Power Recovery Effect’ of Women-
offending Advertising
Enav Friedmann, Ben Gurion University, Beer Sheva, Israel
Merav Weiss Sidi
Ads that offend women are known to hinder women’s 
short-term purchase intentions, but their effect on long-
term purchase intentions has not been described. Here, 
using three studies, we examine the effect of such ads 
on both short- and long-term consumer responses, 
suggest an explanatory mechanism, and demonstrate how 
empowering women can buffer this effect. We found that 
those who felt highly discriminated against on account 
of their gender group (mostly women) demonstrated a 
power-recovery motivation toward the brand that offended 
them, increasing their purchase intentions over time so as 
to restore their diminished power. Empowering women 
buffered this effect and decreased purchase intentions, as 
compared with control ads.
2 - Uncovering Successful Narratives in 
Super Bowl Ads
Jongho Kim, PhD Student, Cornell University, Ithaca, NY
Khaled Boughanmi, Young-Hoon Park
Developing original and creative advertising is considered an 
art rather than a science. In this research, the authors propose 
a new framework to examine the impact of advertising 
narratives on advertising success. The framework consists 
of three steps: (1) dividing a narrative of advertising into a 
sequence of textual components, (2) identifying interpretable 
topics of the components using an Embedded Topic Model 
approach, and (3) assessing the impact of topical variations 
on advertising success. The authors illustrate the framework 
using a dataset on Super Bowl ads spanning a period of 
ten years. The findings highlight the importance of topical 
variations to advertising success and their heterogeneous 
effects across different industries. The authors discuss the 
implications on designing successful advertising narratives.
3 - Brand Equity and Channel Effects
Anthony Koschmann, Eastern Michigan University, 
Ypsilanti, MI
Kevin Lane Keller
Understanding brands and brand equity is a top priority for 
academics and practitioners alike. Marketers want to know 
how strong their brands are, and factors that enhance or 
detract from that strength. Towards that goal, academics 
have developed conceptual models and frameworks of 
brand equity (e.g., Aaker 1992; Keller 1993) while industry 
practitioners have developed models of brand valuation 
(e.g., Interbrand; Millward-Brown). One particularly insightful 
approach has looked at the strength of brands from the 
perspective of revenue premiums (ALN: Ailawadi, Lehmann, 
and Neslin 2003). Indeed, ALN’s focus of comparing brand 
revenues to those of private labels has produced much 
investigation into private label research and its impact 
on brands. However, while brand health is important for 
managers, an overlooked aspect is the role channels have 
in generating brand equity. This study investigates drivers 
of brand equity across four channels using nine years of 
consumer packaged good data in 882 categories. The 
authors find that asymmetrical effects occur not just across 
channels, but for brand leadership as well in being able 
to drive brand equity.
TB09
Virtual Room 09
Experimental Advertising
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Julian R.K. Raphael Klaus Wichmann
University of Cologne, Cologne, 50825, Germany
1 - Cookie Bias: The Flaws in Cookie Based 
Advertising Measurement
Min Tian, Ohio State University, Columbus, OH
Paul R Hoban, Neeraj Arora
We explore data from a randomized field experiment which 
is conducted at the cookie level, but we aggregate those 
effects up to the individual level. This presents opportunities 
such as allowing us to study carryover impact and spillover 
impact from the online ad campaign to offline. We use 
disaggregated data and the disaggregated model to 
disentangle those effects.
2 - Brands that use BAE: Does Slang 
Help Brands?
Bryce Pyrah, PhD Candidate, University of Iowa, 
Iowa City, IA
Alice Wang
With the popularity of social media, many brands use slang 
in their marketing communications to connect with their 
consumers on a personal level. Across five experiments, 
we find that the use of slang in marketing communications 
could have unintended negative consequences for brands. 
Brand messages tend to exhibit higher levels of formality and 
authority than consumer messages. Hence, the expectations 
consumers have for brand messages make the use of slang 
inappropriate in brand communications. However, these 
expectations are relaxed for consumer messages, making the 
use of slang acceptable in consumer communications. As a 
result, brand messages containing slang lead to less favorable 
brand attitudes and behaviors, whereas the same messages 
sent by consumers do not have such negative consequences. 
To further test our theory on expectancy violations as the 
mediator, we operationalized consumer expectations with 
brand personality. We show that, in messages from brands 
with a sincere personality, slang results in less favorable 
attitudes. However, when brands with an exciting personality 
use slang, the negative effect on brand attitudes disappears 
because consumers do not have the same expectations for 
brands that are exciting and rebellious.
3 - Effect of Brand Advertising on Purchase 
Funnel: Impact and Mechanism in the 
Messy Middle
Thyagarajan Subramanian, The University of Texas at 
Dallas, Richardson, TX
B.P.S. Murthi
In digital marketing, performance-based advertising is a 
dominant strategy as it relies on observable metrics such 
as cost per click and cost per action to allocate advertising 
budgets. These campaigns focus on information and call to 
action. In contrast, brand advertising uses television, outdoor, 
and other rich media. Brand advertising uses emotions, 
imagery, and symbolism for positioning. Both types of 
advertising can influence different stages of the consumer 
purchase funnel, from brand awareness, consideration, 
preference to its eventual purchase and repurchase. 
However, extant literature has not studied the effect of brand 
advertising on different stages of the observed purchase 
funnel. This study uses a unique data set from a natural 
experiment to learn how brand advertising affects different 
stages in a purchase funnel for a digital platform that provides 
app-based food delivery from local restaurants. We propose 
a conceptual model of how advertising impacts emotion-
driven choice. First, we use regression discontinuity in time 
to measure the impact of brand advertising on the middle of 
the funnel - consideration and preference. Next, we use brand 
track surveys measuring changes in perception and a deep 
learning analysis of social media conversations to explain 
how advertising affects emotional preference building. This 
study is the first to show that brand advertising increases both 
consideration and preference by 10% and 12%, respectively, 
even after prolonged previous exposure to performance ads. 
We observe that a brand-building campaign is different in its 
effectiveness on various stages of the purchase funnel relative 
to performance advertising. This study will guide managers to 
select suitable campaign approaches for different stages of 
the consumer purchase funnel.
4 - Skippable and Non-skippable Ads - The Yin 
and Yang of Digital Video Advertising
Julian R. Wichmann, Assistant Professor, University of 
Cologne, Cologne, Germany
Digital video advertising (DVA) has become an integral part of 
modern advertising campaigns with ad budgets amounting 
to roughly two-thirds of TV ad spending (eMarketer 2021). 
An important and unique part of DVAs are skippable ads, 
which can be skipped by the press of a button but only after a 
minimum required time (usually five seconds). Skippable ads 
are adopted widely with 80% of marketers reporting to use 
this format (IAB Europe 2018).
Nonetheless, few studies to date have analyzed skippable 
ads and the majority focuses on antecedents of skipping 
(e.g., Belanche et al. 2017; Campbell et al. 2017; Jeon et al. 
2019). A detailed understanding of the underlying processes 
and behavioral and attitudinal consequences of using 
skippable ads, however, is lacking. Hence, this study tackles 
the following research questions:1) How do skippable ads 
influence consumers’ ad and brand perceptions?2) How 
should marketers design skippable ads to improve brand 
outcomes?3) How can marketers use skippable alongside 
non-skippable ads to improve performance of DVA 
campaigns?In three lab studies, typical online video viewing 
experiences are replicated. This allows to tightly control for 
confounding factors, precisely observe skipping behavior, 
and administer a comprehensive questionnaire uncovering 
underlying attitudinal processes.This study makes several 
important contributions. First, it is the first to uncover two 
opposing effects of skippable ads—while they lessen feelings 
of intrusiveness, they also significantly worsen ad enjoyment 
by disrupting the ad viewing experience. Second, this study 
demonstrates the relevance of the initial non-skippable 
section of a skippable ad—in contrast to non-skippable ads, 
skippable ads should highlight the brand and advertised 
product during the initial seconds. Third, skippable and 
non-skippable ads are usually regarded as substitutes but 
this study shows that they can work as complements in DVA 
campaigns. Advertisers should force a full ad exposure during 
the first ad encounter but make subsequent ad encounters 
skippable to optimize performance.
TB10
Virtual Room 10
Marketing & Consumer Finance
Special Sessions
Chair: Jung Youn Lee
Northwestern University, Evanston, IL
Co-Chair: Zhenling Jiang
University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA
1 - Buying and Payment Habits: Using Grocery 
Data to Predict Credit Card Payments
Jung Youn Lee, Northwestern University, Evanston, IL
Joonhyuk Yang, Eric Anderson
This study shows that individuals’ habits in grocery shopping 
are incrementally useful in predicting their credit card 
payment behaviors, and that such incremental predictive 
power can alter firm decisions in the consumer lending 
market. Guided by different theories of habits, the authors 
find five broad grocery shopping habits that are correlated 
with credit card payment behaviors. Using machine learning 
models, the authors show that the incremental predictive gain 
in AUC from knowledge of the grocery habits ranges from 
0.5% to 9.8%, which varies with the baseline data of lenders. 
Simulations of credit card issuers’ credit extension decisions 
suggest that the profit impact of such predictive gain is 
greatest for consumers who do not have an established credit 
history. Further, use of grocery data may disproportionately 
increase the likelihood of getting access to credit for lower-
income consumers. Overall, our results suggest that habits 
persist across domains, which opens up new opportunities 
in consumer lending.
2 - Consumer Choice and Corporate Bankruptcy
Megan Kelly Hunter, Boston College, Carroll School of 
Management, Chestnut Hill, MA
Samuel Antill
Using incentivized randomized experiments, we estimate the 
causal effect of a Chapter 11 bankruptcy filing on consumer 
demand for the bankrupt firm’s products. Knowledge of a 
firm’s Chatper 11 bankruptcy reduces consumers’ willingness-
to-pay by 18-35%, depending on the industry. We show 
evidence that consumers fear both (i) a liquidation preventing 
future relationships with a firm and (ii) a decline in quality 
while a firm reorganizes. Estimating a structural model of 
consumer demand, we quantify the large negative impact of 
bankruptcy on market share and consumer welfare.
3 - The Effect of Job Loss on Risky 
Decision Making
Abigail Sussman, University of Chicago Booth School of 
Business, Chicago, IL
Samuel Hirshman, Daniel O’Leary, Jennifer Trueblood
The unemployment rate in the  reached 14.7%, 23.1 million 
people, in 2020. While negative effects of unemployment 
on health and well-being are well-understood, the influence 
of recent job loss on decision-making has received little 
attention. Across a controlled experiment (n = 201) and a 
large-scale survey (n = 32,368), we find that job loss increases 
risky decision making. In Study 1, we develop a laboratory 
task to examine whether participants who lose the ability 
to earn money are more likely to make risky decisions than 
participants assigned to a control group that continues to 
earn. This study is designed to establish the internal validity 
of the proposed causal relationship between a recent job 
loss and risky decision-making. In Study 2, we survey 32,368 
respondents about their own employment status and examine 
the relationships among job loss and three measures of risky 
decision-making. This survey provides evidence corroborating 
the finding that recent job loss is associated with increased 
risk-taking in a context with greater external validity. Further, 
participants who have lost their jobs most recently make 
the riskiest decisions. These findings have consequential 
implications for policymakers as the decision to engage 
in risky behaviors can have negative long-term physical, 
financial, and psychosocial consequences.
4 - Does TV Advertising Drive Mortgage 
Refinance Decisions?
Zhenling Jiang, University of Pennsylvania, 
Philadelphia, PA
Donggwan Kim
This paper studies how TV advertising affects consumers’ 
loan decisions in the mortgage market. It is well documented 
that many consumers fail to refinance when interest rates 
decline. This can be problematic because consumers 
lose out on substantial savings, resulting in frictions in the 
transmission of monetary policy to consumption. Can TV 
advertising increase refinance activities? We combine 4 
years of individual level mortgage origination data and TV 
advertising volume as well as video content to answer this 
question. We find that refinance advertising significantly 
increases refinancing volume (i.e., market expansive effect) as 
well as the choice of lenders (i.e., business stealing effect). In 
contrast, advertising targeted at new mortgages shows little 
effect in increasing volume, but it influences lender choice. 
Our results suggest that advertising can be an effective tool 
to encourage refinancing activities when interest rates are 
low. Finally, we extract the topics from TV advertising videos 
to study the effectiveness of different messaging content 
among heterogeneous consumers. Results shed light on what 
advertising topics work better for what types of borrowers. 
Our results have important implications for the government 
to increase monetary policy pass through from refinancing as 
well as mortgage lenders to design their advertising strategy.
TB11
Virtual Room 11
Social Impact and Consumers
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Rita Coelho do Vale
Universidade Catlica Portuguesa, Lisboa, 1649-
023, Portugal
1 - Pandemic Response: How SARS Impacted 
Consumption of Food Prepared 
away from Home
Hui Wang, University of Guelph, Guelph, ON, Canada
Tirtha Dhar
The pandemic of COVID-19 has been the most pressing 
challenge facing the world today. Every aspect of life has 
been disrupted and consumers need to modify their routine 
activities under the uncertainty of how the pandemic plays 
out in the future. In this essay we attempt to understand how 
consumers change their consumption activities to respond 
to the uncertainty in their environmental surroundings by 
investigating the impacts of the pandemic on consumer’s 
eating habits of food prepared away from home (FAFH). 
During a pandemic with a high death roll, safety is the top 
priority and when making dine-out decisions, consumers 
need to consider the risk of being infected by the disease 
and the penitential of giving the virus to others. In this 
paper, we focus on multistage purchase decisions, including 
dine-out (i.e., participation) decision, the selection of food 
type decision (such as beef, chicken, pork) conditional on 
deciding to dine out, and the food orders making decisions 
conditional on a specific type of food is chosen at the second 
stage. In this paper we use dataset from Canadian National 
Panel Division Group’s Consumer Reports on Eating Share 
Trends (NPD Group’s CREST) during year 2000-2006 to study 
the impact of the severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) 
pandemic outbreak in year 2003 on the consumption of 
FAFH. We measure the severity of the SARS outbreak from 
three aspects: the counts of news articles reported on SARS, 
negative sentiments and the SARS word frequency in the 
SARS news articles. Our estimation results of econometric 
models show that the SARS index by using negative 
sentiments has significant interaction. That means, compared 
to non-Ontarians, Ontarians were less likely to dine out when 
the news articles on SARS had more negative sentiments. 
However, consumers dined as usual once deciding to dine 
out. in other words, SARS outbreak had little impacts on 
what people dined once they decided to dine outside. 
We then estimate the impact of SARS under different 
counterfactual scenarios.
2 - The Impact Of The Covid-19 Pandemic On The 
Nutritional Quality Of Food Purchases
Ricardo Montoya, Catholic University of Chile, 
Santiago, Chile
Andres Elberg, Francisca Grandon, Cristian Dagnino
In recent years, health institutions have increased their 
warnings about serious diseases related to the mounting 
consumption of ultra-processed foods with low nutritional 
quality. Accordingly, several countries have improved their 
regulations and introduced more and better information 
(e.g., warning labels) to educate consumers to prefer (avoid) 
products with high (low) nutritional quality. Recently, the 
advent of the Covid-19 pandemic changed people’s lives in 
multiple dimensions. Among these dimensions, the pandemic 
might have affected the nutritional quality of food purchases. 
On the one hand, increased health concerns may have 
improved the healthfulness of consumers’ choices. On the 
other hand, the economic and psychological consequences of 
such an environmental shock may have caused consumers to 
shift their purchases towards less healthful choices.
In this research, we investigate how the Covid-19 pandemic 
has affected the consumption of macronutrients in a 
large panel of consumers. We combine individual-level 
transactional data from a big-box supermarket chain with 
the nutritional information of products collected by a third-
party company. We analyze purchases before and during 
the Covid-19 pandemic to quantify the effect and determine 
whether this effect is heterogeneous across the population. 
We analyze heterogeneity due to, for instance, economic 
status, change in living conditions, or proneness to healthy 
consumption in the past.
3 - Corporate Social Responsibility and its 
Spillover Effects in Consumers’ Behavior
Rita Coelho do Vale, Associate Professor, Universidade 
Catolica Portuguesa, Católica Lisbon School of Business 
and Economics, Lisboa, Portugal
Pedro Verga Matos, Filipa de Almeida
This article analyzes the impact of corporate social 
responsibility initiatives on the potential spillover effect on 
consumers’ adoption of similar responsible behaviors. Several 
prior studies have reported that there is a considerable gap 
between consumers’ apparent interest in CSR and the limited 
role of CSR in consumers’ behavior (Aguinis and Glavas, 2012; 
Oberseder et al., 2011), with the link between exposition to 
a certain social behavior and its further adoption being very 
blurred (Dolan and Galizi, 2015; Lanzini and Thogersen, 2014; 
Truelove et al., 2014). We study then this potential spillover 
effect, analyzing to what extent consumers’ exposure to CSR 
practices boosts their own tendency to engage in similar pro-
sustainable and responsible behaviors. Data was collected 
through a longitudinal study using an online data panel, 
across 7 moments in time, engaging 400 participants, leading 
to 2511 observations, assessing the impact of different 
CSR initiatives (social, environmental and philanthropic) 
on multiple variables (e.g., action evaluation, behavioral 
intention, consumer engagement), across several industries 
(e.g., FMCG, fashion, household retailing).Preliminary findings 
indicate that not all types of CRS initiatives lead to similar 
types of behavioral intentions and behavioral engagement. 
Interestingly, results suggest that although CSR initiatives in 
the social domain lead to higher behavioral intentions, these 
are not translated to actual behavioral engagement on social 
activities. Instead, environmental CSR actions are the ones 
revealing higher spillover effect, across multiple domains. 
These results offer insights to both regulators, public 
authorities, and managers, about CSR practices that are likely 
to generate higher environmental & social impact.
TB12
Virtual Room 12
Consumer Behavior II
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Sunxu Xu
Renmin University of China
1 - Untouchable: An Exploration of Consumers’ 
Haptic Behavior in Shopping During 
the COVID Era
Joy L. Shields, Pepperdine University, Malibu, CA
Cristel A. Russell, Clark Johnson, Joann Peck
Touch is an important component in the consumer in-store 
shopping experience. This project highlights the coping 
mechanisms that consumers implemented when haptic 
interactions with products were limited due to the COVID-19 
pandemic. To shed light on this phenomenon, a longitudinal 
qualitative design, focusing on a panel of 31 consumers who 
were the primary shoppers in their homes prior to, after, and 
during the height of the pandemic was conducted. Initial 
findings signal that the process through which consumers 
adjusted to the inability to touch resembles the stages of 
grief. Indeed, participants report many of the facets and 
experiences previously outlined in models of the grief 
process, for instance, Bowlby and Parkes’ (1970) four stages of 
grief. In the first stage, Shock & Numbness, some consumers 
felt a sense of loss due to their inability to freely engage 
haptically with products as they once did. In the second stage, 
Yearning & Searching, consumers yearned for what they lost, 
spoke of experiencing anxiety, frustration, and sadness, and 
began searching for alternate ways to get back what was lost. 
In the third stage, Despair & Disorganization, participants 
reported feelings of anger, despair, and hopelessness 
while the initial acceptance of the loss brought the need to 
withdraw from shopping activities once enjoyed. Evidence of 
the fourth and final stage, Reorganization and Recovery, in 
which participants reflect on the new-normal, during which 
intense feelings, such as anger and sadness begin to subside, 
and fond memories of past shopping experiences surface. 
The findings open new avenues for thinking about how trait-
like consumer variables like the need for touch may be more 
malleable than previously sought, especially as a result of 
traumatic experiences.
2 - The Impact of Political Ideology on 
Consumers’ Reactions to Hotels’ 
Donations of Rooms
Sohyun Bae, Assistant Professor, National Cheng Kung 
University, Tainan, Taiwan
During the COVID-19 pandemic, one of the remarkable 
corporate social responsibility (CSR) activities that many 
hotels have engaged in has been providing unsold rooms 
to people in need (e.g., frontline medical professionals and 
homeless people). However, not much research has been 
conducted to examine what factors influence consumers’ 
reactions to hotels’ donations of rooms. To fill that gap, in 
this research we propose that consumers’ political ideology 
(i.e., conservative vs. liberal) affects their attitudes toward 
hotels that have donated rooms to homeless people versus 
medical professionals. Through three experiments, we found 
that conservative participants showed less positive attitudes 
(e.g., lower willingness to stay) toward hotels that had 
donated rooms to homeless people than liberal counterparts 
because they felt more disgust toward those hotels. However, 
there was no difference in attitudes between conservative 
and liberal participants when a hotel had donated rooms 
to medical professionals. We further found that hotel type 
(i.e., luxury vs. non-luxury) moderates the effect of political 
ideology on consumers’ attitudes toward hotels that have 
donated rooms to homeless people. This research provides 
valuable insights for marketing managers in the hotel industry 
and policy makers about how to design more effective room 
donation campaigns during the pandemic.
3 - Reason Versus Feeling: The Impact of 
Exposure to Nature on Consumers’ 
Decision Making
Sunxu Xu, Renmin University of China, Beijing, China
Ying Ding
Decades of research have demonstrated that exposure to 
nature can provide extensive physical and psychological 
benefits to humans. However, little research attention has 
been given to how exposure to nature might influence 
consumer behavior. Drawing from an interdisciplinary 
perspective, the present research aims to systematically 
investigate the impact of exposure to nature on consumers’ 
decision-making. Based on previous literature, consumer 
decisions can be made either in a cognitive, reason-based 
manner or in an affective, feeling-based manner. We propose 
that exposure to nature will promote greater reliance on 
affective feelings (vs. cognitive reasoning), which will increase 
the relative preference for affectively superior options as 
opposed to cognitively superior options. The results of 
Study 1 (N = 234) showed that participants in the nature 
condition were more likely to choose the affectively superior 
apartment than the cognitively superior apartment compared 
to participants in the built and control conditions. Study 2A 
(N = 136) demonstrated that exposure to nature increased 
consumers’ relative reliance on affective feelings (vs. cognitive 
reasoning), and Study 2B (N = 113) showed that a feeling-
based (vs. reason-based) strategy can increase consumers’ 
relative preference for the affectively (vs. cognitively) 
superior laptop. Theoretically, by identifying exposure to 
nature as a novel environmental antecedent that influences 
consumers’ decision-making strategies and consequential 
product preferences, our research not only extends the 
research scope of exposure to nature but also provides a 
new angle to the literature on decision-making. Managerially, 
marketers can tailor the store environment to the advertising 
plan. For example, marketers can add natural elements to 
the marketing environments when highlighting products’ 
superior affective features.
TB13
Virtual Room 13
Social Media Monitoring and Disclosure
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Eunhee (Emily) Ko
Northwestern University, Evanston, IL
1 - Emotional Variability and Consumer 
Engagement: The Case of a Large Live 
Streaming Platform
Chongyan Sun, The Chinese University of Hong 
Kong, Hong Kong
Francisco Cisternas
Online streaming is the newest and fastest growing media 
over the last decade. Large platforms companies such as 
Meta (Facebook), YouTube, Twitch and Periscope have 
dedicated infrastructure for online streaming and it has 
allowed the growth of what has become a multi-billion dollar 
industry. In this industry, increasing consumer engagement is 
the top priority to achieve financial growth. Previous literature 
analyzed the influence of emotional reactions of streamers 
and viewers on volume of comments and tips. They found 
that status seeking and reciprocity were the main drivers 
of comments and tips, but those attributes do not vary 
overtime, which is not reflected on the temporal distribution 
of comments and tips, where their volatilities tend to cluster 
together, causing strong fluctuation of engagement levels 
along timelines. To provide deeper understanding on this 
phenomenon, we have estimated a multivariate general 
autoregressive conditional heteroskedastic (MGARCH) model 
at levels of various time periods with a number of sessions 
from a large Chinese live streaming platform to illustrate that 
consumer engagement level and emotion valence present 
strong volatility clustering themselves even after controlling 
the influence of the streamers, and more importantly, more 
volatile viewers’ emotion is associated with a higher level of 
their engagement, operationalized by the comment volumes. 
These results suggest that online platforms should carefully 
manage the volatility of viewers’ emotion other than its mean 
levels to promote more consumer engagement.
2 - Firms’ Engagement with Stakeholders During 
a Crisis And its Impact on Firm Outcomes: 
Evidence from Social Media Communications
Eunhee (Emily) Ko, Northwestern University, Evanston, IL
Yoo Na Youm
The COVID-19 pandemic has posed unprecedented 
challenges to firms. With the high uncertainty surrounding the 
pandemic, sharing and transmission of information became 
critical - in the setting of the workplace, rapid sharing of a 
firm’s stance in responding to the crisis was critical. Among 
the many unexplored questions regarding the impact of the 
COVID-19 pandemic, and in lines with a call for a deeper 
understanding of firms’ strategic choices under crisis, we 
explore firms’ engagement with stakeholders with the onset 
of the COVID-19 pandemic. We examine the questions in the 
context of firms on the S&P 500 list and the strategic choices 
they make in communicating with stakeholders on social 
media (Twitter). Specifically, in looking at the role of trust in 
effective stakeholder engagement, we explore organizational 
responsiveness, connectedness of stakeholders, the contents 
(text and images) and underlying emotions of tweets as 
multidimensions of trust. We use big data and machine 
learning to compile and carry out content analysis and 
categorization of the text and images of tweets, followed 
by econometric models to test our hypotheses. We seek 
to make three contributions. First, we theoretically extend 
the essentials of strategic and pragmatic components of 
stakeholder engagement by incorporating multidimensions 
of trust and through an inclusive approach to stakeholders. 
Second, by exploring the context of firm-stakeholder 
engagement on social media, we provide a novel way to 
effectively measure stakeholder engagement, addressing the 
lack of validated measurements of the construct. Finally, by 
examining the questions in light of the COVID-19 pandemic, 
we address the call for a deeper understanding of firms’ 
strategic choices under crisis. 
TB14
Virtual Room 14
Advances in Bayesian Modeling and 
Computation: Field Applications
Special Sessions
Chair: Nicolas Padilla
London Business School, London, United Kingdom
Co-Chair: Ryan Dew
University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA
1 - Contextual Song and Playlist 
Recommendation: A Bayesian Generative 
Modeling Approach
Khaled Boughanmi, Cornell University, Ithaca, NY 
Asim Ansari, Yang Li
Playlists have become the principal mechanism for music 
listening since the revolution brought about by digital 
streaming services. As an example, the Spotify platform 
alone accounts for more than 4 billion user-curated playlists 
that are carefully compiled for a variety of musical tastes and 
consumption contexts. Given the immense heterogeneity in 
musical tastes and the endless number of playlists that can be 
constructed, the design, completion, and recommendation 
of personalized playlists have become critically important. In 
this paper, we develop a novel Bayesian generative modeling 
approach to perform these tasks. We identify the musical 
preferences of online users for diverse musical styles and 
listening contexts in an unsupervised fashion. Specifically, we 
leverage Variational Autoencoders (VAE) to uncover latent 
variables that summarize the musical themes and contextual 
moods associated with songs and playlists. We fit our model 
using a rich data set containing playlists that are curated by 
Spotify users. Our empirical investigation yields interesting 
insights about the diversity in musical preferences across 
users and contexts. We leverage the results of our model 
to cross-recommend curated playlists to users with similar 
thematic preferences, complete existing playlists with songs 
of congruent mood and context, and automatically design 
new playlists for personalized musical experiences.
2 - Learning Customer Heterogeneity from 
Aggregate-Response Online Experiments
Mengyao Huang, University of California Berkeley - Haas 
School of Business, Berkeley, CA
Longxiu Tian
This research seeks to understand how firms should design 
and utilize online randomized control experiments, or A/B 
testing, to optimally learn the preference distribution of their 
customer-base when only aggregate-response test results 
are available (e.g., total impressions and clicks). To solve this 
problem, we develop a scalable hierarchical Bayesian (HB) 
aggregate logit model to identify multivariate distributions of 
within-test consumer preference heterogeneity, by leveraging 
between-test variations. We illustrate the proposed method 
using both simulated studies and a dataset of 32,487 
news headline tests (totaling 150,817 variations) from an 
online media platform. To quantify the design space of 
headline tests, we decompose textual headlines into latent 
representations via Transformer networks and provide 
interpretability via transfer learning of latent features from 
news headline corpora that have been prelabeled on topics 
and sentiment. We relate empirical results to dependent 
variables-of-interest (i.e., within-test click-through rate (CTR) 
and firm-declared winner) and show how firm decisions would 
deviate due to not accounting for customer heterogeneity. 
We find that preference heterogeneity significantly affects 
selection of optimal aggregate-response A/B tests and 
discuss the implications of our findings for efficient test 
design in the news headline setting.
3 - Unified Marketing Measurement under Privacy 
Regulations
Nicolas Padilla, London Business School, London, 
United Kingdom
Ryan Dew
In the face of increasingly strict privacy laws, digital 
marketers face unprecedented challenges in measuring 
the effectiveness of campaigns, particularly at the customer 
and campaign levels. These new restrictions on customer-
level trackability have broken commonplace multi-touch 
attribution models (MTA), which have become the primary 
tool by which companies measure effectiveness at the 
most granular level. While this new environment has made 
drill-down measurement difficult, it has had a limited impact 
on the ability of marketers to use classic measurement 
tools like media mix models (MMM), which have always 
been built on aggregate measures of campaign spend and 
performance. In this work, we propose a unified marketing 
measurement (UMM) framework, rooted in the idea 
that media mix models and attribution models are both 
measuring the same estimand: marketing effectiveness. 
Methodologically, we use a Bayesian framework to jointly 
model customer-level attribution and aggregate media mix 
effectiveness through two interrelated components, which 
are constrained to yield the same insights about campaign 
effectiveness. This theory-based constraint allows us to 
identify components of the individual-level model that 
would be otherwise difficult. We apply our model using 
a dataset from a large retailer that includes wide-ranging 
data about customer activity and campaign performance, 
including A/B tests, which allow us to validate the 
performance of the model.
4 - Leveraging Gaussian Processes for 
Counterfactual Inference in One-shot Field 
Experiments: Evidence from a Large-scale 
Donation Drive
Kee Yeun Lee, UNIST, Ulsan, Korea, Republic of
, Gwen Ahn, Fred M Feinberg, Arnaud De Bruyn
Numeric scales are ubiquitous throughout social science 
and economics. For charities, specifically, appeals scales 
(specific amounts from which donors can choose) are 
standard solicitation tools. Isolating their effects on actual 
downstream donor behavior - whether (incidence) and how 
much (amount) to give - is bedeviled by uncontrollable 
self-selection and endogeneity effects that hinder optimal 
individual-level scale design.
Our data stem from a fully randomized field experiment that 
orthogonalized major components of the appeals scales - 
minima, maxima and pace of increase - for over 50,000 donors 
of a large national charity. Assessing the effectiveness of both 
manipulations, as well as consequent optimization, requires 
individual-level counterfactuals. To this end we develop a 
hierarchical multi-output Gaussian Process (GP) model that 
jointly accounts for donation incidence and amount while 
incorporating donor heterogeneity. The GP nonparametrically 
“smooths” over each donor’s history while leveraging the full 
corpus of data to provide joint posteriors for treatment effects 
on both incidence and amount, and consequently overall 
expected donation gain. This in turn allows the charity to 
better tailor individual appeals scales and request timing for 
subsequent donation drives.
Thursday, 11:30am–12:30pm
TC01
Virtual Room 01
Game Theory II
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Liang Guo
Chinese Univesity of Hong Kong, Hong Kong, China
1 - Consumer Targeting and Service Upgrades
Jiong Sun, Purdue University, West Lafayette, IN
, Yingchen Yan
This paper studies dynamic service upgrades when the firm 
can price discriminate between new and repeat consumers 
but consumers can choose whether their privacy is revealed. 
We find that consumer targeting is not always profitable by 
discovering a U-shaped effect of privacy cost on profitability. 
Our study also suggests a personalization trap by finding 
that consumers conceal their privacy when privacy cost is 
intermediate, which in turn results in service upgrade over-
distortion, upward or downward.
2 - Advertising Content: The Role of Messengers
Chi-Ying Wang, Yale School of Management, 
New Haven, CT
, Jiwoong Shin
We develop a model of communication messenger in 
advertising where advertising can generate a product-
match related signal for consumers. We take a dual-mode of 
communication perspective for advertising communication. 
In our model, a messenger serves as a cue which is 
communicated through less costly peripheral route while 
the central issue-relevant information requires thoughtful 
consideration. We consider advertising as a problem of 
Bayesian Persuasion where communication messenger can 
determine the information structure the consumer will face, 
and a different type of communication messengers can 
affect such information structure. Our model provides a rich 
set of insights concerning the impact of different types of 
messengers on the incentives for consumers to deliberate 
the advertising message, and the firm’s optimal choice of 
communication messenger and prices.
3 - The Voice of Customers in Customization
Liang Guo, Chinese Univesity of Hong Kong, Hong 
Kong, China
Recent years have seen a growth in the production capability 
and the demand for customized products and services. 
As a prerequisite for customization, private information 
on individual customer’s quality preference needs to 
be uncovered. Sellers can listen to customers about 
their stated or self-reported preferences through direct 
communication (e.g., conversation, survey). Alternatively, 
customer preferences can be inferred from their behavior 
when they are given the rights to self-design the quality. Yet 
customers may misrepresent their stated/inferred preferences 
to strategically manipulate the customization process. In 
this research we endogenize the viability of customization 
by investigating whether and when customers may reveal 
their quality preferences truthfully. We find that, for either 
preference-learning approach, customers would voice 
their preferences faithfully if and only if they are sufficiently 
heterogenous. Equilibrium preference revelation, and 
hence endogenous customization, tend to be sustained 
by intermediate seller bargaining power or non-extreme 
production/design costs. We also examine how the 
preference-learning approaches may differ in the endogenous 
feasibility of customization, equilibrium qualities, and the 
parties’ expected payoffs. We show that giving up the design 
right need not always be harmful for the seller, and gaining it 
can make the buyers worse off, especially when fixed costs of 
customization are considered.
TC02
Virtual Room 02
Behavioral IO: Theory and Evidence II
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Zuhui Xiao
University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, Milwaukee, WI
1 - Does Sunk Cost Affect Prices? Evidence from 
the U.S. Airline Industry
Qihong Liu, University of Oklahoma, Norman, OK
In contrast to the extensive literature on behavior bias by 
individuals, studies on behavior bias by firms have been 
relatively scarce. We explore the possibility of the latter 
in the context of U.S. airlines, where fuel hedging leads 
to lump sum gain or loss which is sunk to airlines’ pricing 
decisions. Our results show that the (sunk) hedging gain or 
loss affects airlines’ ticket prices. In particular, a 10% reduction 
in the reported fuel cost (due to hedging gain) leads to 
a 2.2% reduction in ticket prices. Moving onto non-price 
decisions, we find that hedging gain leads airlines to use 
larger aircrafts and reduce airtime of their flights, but has no 
impacts on the number of routes and flights which airlines 
operate. Our results provide empirical evidence that fixed/
sunk costs can affect firms’ price and non-price decisions, 
establish a link between financial market and product 
market competition, and have important welfare/policy and 
managerial implications.
2 - Inattention Skimming: Theory and Evidence 
from Resale Markets
Andreas Kraft, PhD Candidate, University of Texas - 
Austin, Austin, TX
Raghunath S Rao
Evidence of consumer inattention has been found in various 
settings, both inside and outside the laboratory. It is, however, 
less clear how inattention affects market outcomes. Can firms 
profit from consumer inattention? If so, by how much? Does 
competition alleviate and save inattentive consumers? We 
answer those questions in the context of secondary markets. 
We find that intermediaries and the product owners in these 
markets benefit when buyers are inattentive to an important 
product attribute. Our model shows that the competition 
between intermediaries and decentralized consumer-to-
consumer markets results in a behavioral segmentation of the 
market. The intermediary skims inattentive consumers while 
attentive consumers are served in the consumer-to-consumer 
market. We test our theory using a detailed dataset consisting 
of millions of automobile transactions over seven years. First, 
we find clear evidence of a specific type of inattention: Buyers 
exhibit left-digit bias and systematically underestimate the 
depreciation of vehicles with odometer readings immediately 
below round cutoffs (e.g., 49,950mi vs. 50,000 mi). Second, the 
level of estimated inattention in dealer transactions is twice 
as high as in private transactions, resulting in dealers making 
a significantly higher margin for such vehicles. Third, we 
estimate the supply-side response to consumer inattention 
and find that there are 2.19% fewer transactions in the full 
attention counterfactual. As a result, the average profit margin 
is 2.36% lower, leading to an aggregate decrease in profits 
of 4.94% or about $500 million within our sample period. 
Back-of-the-envelope calculations imply that U.S. used vehicle 
dealers’ annual profits attributable to consumer inattention to 
depreciation are about $800 million.
3 - Smart Pricing Recommendations by Platforms
Zuhui Xiao, University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, 
Milwaukee, WI
Yi Zhu, Mark E Bergen
Online platforms such as Airbnb increasingly provide smart 
pricing recommendations (SPR) based on AI technologies 
with the hope of facilitating market transactions between 
buyers and sellers. Platforms claim that SPR can help sellers 
find the right prices. Yet sellers often complain SPR as 
being too low. We believe exists behavioral reasons when 
underpriced SPR can be beneficial. We develop a game-
theoretic model that incorporates behavioral factors in 
pricing in a cheap-talk setting and show when platforms 
will find it beneficial to provide selectively underpriced SPR 
to induce buyers and sellers to make a deal. As a result, 
the underpriced SPR, even though not fully informative, 
facilitate new exchanges that would be impossible with fully 
informative SPR. Our work broadens the understanding of 
platforms’ impacts in pricing and market exchange, and sheds 
new insights on platforms’ information provision in a world 
increasingly focused on big data and AI technologies.
TC03
Virtual Room 03
Influencer Marketing III
Special Sessions
Chair: Andreas Lanz
HEC Paris, Paris, France
Co-Chair: Reto Hofstetter
University of Lucerne, Lucerne, Switzerland 
1 - Modeling Demand for Independent Product 
Video Reviews
Maciej Szymanowski, Rotterdam School of Management, 
Erasmus University, Rotterdam, Netherlands
Gabor Murai
Product reviews produced by content creators are popular 
on social media and constitute an important source of brand 
information for consumers. Understanding consumption of 
such content is, therefore, important for marketing scholars 
and practitioners interested in how consumers learn about 
brands. In this paper we study two fundamental issues 
about demand for the content creator generated reviews, 
1) whether the demand is driven by the product being 
reviewed, and by the content creator, 2) are reviews from 
different content creators of the same products substitutes 
or complements. Using longitudinal data on video reviews of 
personal smart devices posted on YouTube, we provide the 
first evidence about demand for earned media. We find that 
both product and content creator are significant drivers of 
demand for content creator generated reviews. We also find 
that videos about the same product, published by different 
creators, benefit one another’s viewership in the short run, 
presumably by attracting attention to the product featured. 
However, in the long run, views captured by one review have 
a negative association with the number of subsequent views 
of competing reviews. We discuss the findings and draw 
conclusions for managers.
2 - Brand-Influencer Collaborations and Change in 
Content Strategy
Anwesha De, Bocconi University, Milano, Italy
Beth Fossen
With the rapid rise in the number of social media users and 
the increase in the amount of time spent on social media, 
social media platforms present brands with a more dynamic 
and interactive platform to engage consumers. However, 
despite the increasing investments in social media over 
recent years, there are concerns about the contribution of 
these investments to firm performance. While literature 
highlights the importance of social media influencer 
marketing for marketers, research on the consequences of 
such brand-influencer collaborations is still nascent. In this 
paper, we focus on the influencer’s content strategy in the 
brand-influencer relationship. While such a change in content 
strategy by influencers may be driven by the motivation 
to increase engagement, it may potentially have severe 
repercussions. Using data from 75 social media influencers 
across three industries, we investigate the impacts of brand-
influencer collaborations and changes in content strategy 
on engagement. We find that when influencers mention 
brands in their posts, they see a decrease in engagement. 
Moreover, we show that influencers tend to change their 
content strategy in terms of the arousal expressed in the 
language when they post branded content. We find that 
when influencers change the arousal of their content when 
posting about brands, this further reduces engagement 
both in terms of the number of shares and replies. We probe 
the mechanism driving this negative relationship and find 
evidence that changes in content strategy by influencers may 
come across as overly promotional and trigger persuasion 
knowledge in followers.
3 - Endorsement Portfolios of Social Media 
Influencers
Lisa Zäuner, Goethe University Frankfurt, 
Frankfurt, Germany
, Simone Wies, Alexander Bleier, Alexander Edeling
Brands increasingly rely on social media influencers to 
promote their products because consumers tend to 
perceive such endorsements as less commercial than 
brand ads. However, influencers can engage in various 
collaborations, for instance across several categories and 
with multiple brands, which may lead their activities to be 
perceived as more commercial. As a result, such influencers’ 
effectiveness to generate engagement with their sponsored 
content may suffer. This research examines the relationship 
between four characteristics of influencers’ endorsement 
portfolios (number of endorsed categories, number of 
brands within each category, simultaneous versus sequential 
collaborations, and fit of other non-brand-related posts) and 
the effectiveness of their influencer marketing activities. The 
results help influencers effectively manage their endorsement 
portfolios as well as brands to determine which influencers 
to collaborate with.
4 - Influencing on Short or Long Leashes? How 
Contract Design Drives Influencer Marketing 
Performance
Reto Hofstetter, University of Lucerne, Lucerne, 
Switzerland
Andreas Lanz, Navdeep Sahni, Martel Faltl
Influencer marketing has become an important way to reach 
out to consumers. Different from traditional advertising, it 
works in a decentralized fashion in which a user of a social 
network--typically with a somewhat large following--endorses 
a firm via user-generated content. Theuser generating the 
content, commonly referred to as influencer, acts as an 
intermediary between the firm and a target segment, where 
the carrier of influence is the content, which disseminates into 
the influencer’s follower base and beyond (e.g., Goldenberg 
et al. 2009).Common to influencer marketing are behavior-
based contracts in which managers emphasize the behaviors 
that they expect to lead to bottom-line results. Taking into 
account that influencers may pursue egocentric goals that 
deviate from corporate objectives, managerswould have 
to adapt these contracts--put them on a short leash--and 
constrain influencers’ behavior to align objectives in influencer 
marketing campaigns. Despite this threat of a principal-agent 
problem being present, the common belief amongmanagers 
is that they should avoid managing and briefing influencers 
too closely (Haenlein etal. 2020). The rationale is that 
influencers better understand their follower base than the 
managers and should thus be put on a long leash--to be 
given full autonomy when creatingtheir content. In line with 
this common managerial belief, we find that more (versus less) 
constraining contracts do not have an effect on bottom-line 
results in influencer marketing campaigns. Even worse, more 
constraining contracts limit the manager’s recruiting ability. 
More specifically, preliminary empirical evidence from the 
analysis of over 10,000 influencers and 1,300 actual Instagram 
campaigns carried out via the influencer marketing platform 
Reachbird.io indicate that contracts imposing stronger 
behavioral constraints with respect to content creation have 
no effect on engagement with sponsored Instagram posts, 
although significantly lowering participation of influencers in 
campaigns. We gain convergent validity of these empirical 
findings in a (supply-side) field experiment with more than 200 
participating influencers.
TC04
Virtual Room 04
Sales Force Management and B2B I
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Yuanchen Su
University of Minnesota, Minneapolis, MN
1 - How Does a Sales Agent’s Network Structure 
Impact Her Sales Performance? Evidence from 
a Multilevel Marketing Firm
Sung Joo Kim, Krannert School of Management, Purdue 
University, West Lafayette, IN
Wreetabrata Kar, Sivaramakrishnan Siddarth
Multilevel Marketing firms (e.g. Mary Kay) play an important 
role in many economies but have been understudied in 
the academic marketing literature. In this research we 
attempt to empirically identify how sales agents respond 
to compensation structure in a setting in which agents can 
influence sales performance in different ways: personal 
consumption, sales to customers, and sales from downline 
sales agents. We analyze sales data for 39201 agents 
over 2 years from a large multilevel marketing firm in the 
US. Our reduced form analysis shows that agents put 
more effort around bonus boundaries in order to achieve 
higher commission rates. We also propose and estimate a 
structural econometric model of agent performance that 
accommodates the costs and benefits of different sales tactics 
in order to uncover the heterogenous ways in which agents 
respond to the different compensation elements and derive 
implications for the firm’s design of compensation plans.
2 - How to Incentivize Sales Managers: Evidence 
From a Field Study
Aritra Bhattacharya, PhD Student, Indian School of 
Business, Mohali, India
Raghu Bommaraju, Robert Waiser
The importance of suitable incentive contracts to motivate 
sales employees is well understood. Existing literature 
in sales marketing focuses on the incentive structure of 
sales representatives to characterize an optimal plan. 
However, there is little theoretical and empirical work on 
sales managers’ incentives. We investigate whether sales 
managers should be compensated based on the cumulative 
target achievement of their salespeople or based on the 
number of salespeople achieving their individual targets. 
While the former is the most used in firms, this could create 
two potential issues. First, managers may focus on top-
performing salespeople and ignore poor performers. Second, 
while the former approach helps maximize revenues in the 
short run, the latter can help bring territory balance that 
can aid in the firm’s long-term performance. We rely on a 
quasi-experiment to understand the effectiveness of the 
latter approach. Our data consists of 137 sales territories 
under 54 managers of a pharmaceutical firm in India across 
two years. The results indicate that incentivizing sales 
managers based on the number of salespeople achieving 
their individual targets is more effective than incentivizing 
managers based on cumulative target achievement. We 
further examine the moderating effect of territory type and 
salespeople’s past performance.
3 - Disentangling Monetary and Social Effects of 
Sales Contest Leaderboards
Yuanchen Su, University of Minnesota, Minneapolis, MN 
George John, Madhu Viswanathan
Sales contests, which use relative performance to evaluate 
and reward employees, have long been considered a viable 
short-term tool for improving efforts. Often, these contests 
are multi-period with interim results available. One issue 
unsettled is whether interim results should be published 
as public leaderboards. Leaderboards influence monetary 
motivation - interim standings allow contestants to better 
calibrate their effort given their distance from the prize(s). 
They also influence social motivation - the first page of the 
leaderboard brings social recognition whilst being on the last 
page is disheartening. Using data of five 8-week long contests 
with leaderboards updating twice a week, we find next-day 
sales after each leaderboard update displays a U-shape. 
Specifically, salespeople on the first page or the last page 
make more sales than people who are on the intermediate 
pages. This offers identification of social motivation since a 
purely rational model predicts people who are on the last 
page would make fewer following-day sales than people on 
the penultimate page since people on the last page have less 
chance to catch up and win the prize(s). Regressions reinforce 
this takeaway. People who are close to the boundaries of 
the first and last pages make more next-day sales than 
their neighbors. These neighbors are farther away from the 
boundary but assumed to have similar monetary motivation 
with people close to the boundaries since they have similar 
cumulative sales. We build a structural model to estimate a) 
monetary motivation sensitivity, b) social motivation sensitivity, 
and c) cost of effort. These deep parameters help disclose the 
mechanisms at hand. 
TC05
Virtual Room 05
Marketing and Innovation
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Raveesh K Mayya
NYU Stern School of Business, New York, NY
1 - Determinants and Financial Implications of 
Business Model Innovation: Evidence from 
Initial Public Offerings
Priya Rangaswamy, Texas A&M University, College 
Station, TX
Alina Sorescu
The innovation literature has primarily focused on product 
(goods and services) innovations. Empirical evidence on a 
prevalent form of innovation—business model innovation—
remains scarce. The authors propose a model of the 
determinants of business model innovation and contrast them 
with known determinants of product innovation from extant 
literature. They also examine the financial consequences 
of business model innovation and test their predictions in 
the context of Initial Public Offerings (IPOs). Empirically, the 
authors propose a method to quantify firms’ focus on product 
or business model innovation through text analysis of the 
business descriptions from firms’ IPO prospectuses. The 
authors find that compared to firms that focus on product 
innovation, firms that pursue business model innovation are 
larger, younger, have less firm-level technical knowledge, and 
operate in higher-growth industries. The results also suggest 
that while investors value all types of innovation, they value 
business model innovation more than product innovation.
2 - Impact of Multi-staged Promotional 
Interventions on Smart TV Viewers - Evidence 
from a Large-scale Randomized Field 
Experiment
Raveesh K Mayya, NYU Stern School of Business, 
New York, NY
Siva Viswanathan
Digital technologies have vastly diminished the effectiveness 
of mass marketing and have given rise to context-based 
marketing. Yet, most evidence to effectiveness of contextual 
marketing are anecdotal. We quantify their effectiveness 
in a setting where people watch linear content on internet 
connected smart TVs. This setting enables two opportunities 
to researchers (1) to dynamically overlay contextual marketing 
interventions on linear content (2) to enable multi-stage 
content engagement where viewers send content from smart 
TV to connected smartphones. Working with a smart TV 
intelligence platform to run a randomized trial, we study the 
impact (on viewers’ multi-stage engagement outcomes) of 
two prominent contextual interventions studied in marketing 
literature: time-pressure and social-pressure. Specifically, we 
ask and answer: (a) Which contextual effects (time and/or 
social pressure) are more effective in increasing consumers’ 
content engagement in early stage (on-TV) and in later stage 
(on-Phone)? and (b) How do these contextual effects interact 
with each other and across stages to provide a best lift in the 
engagement outcome? Our interventions encourage viewers 
consume a customized relevant content on-Phone based on 
what they are watching on-TV. Results suggest that negatively 
framed time-pressure message on-TV performs significantly 
better in nudging TV viewers to send content to their 
smartphones, compared to none or simple time-information 
message. Social-pressure nudge along with time-pressure 
nudge provides best outcomes on-TV. However, such viewers 
are less likely to respond in later-stages(on-Phone). Thankfully, 
social-pressure message improves later-stage outcomes 
for those viewers. Our findings are of practical importance. 
Early-stage success need not translate into overall success; 
interventions are needed and have to be measured in 
each stage. We show that contextual interventions interact 
within and across stages to provide best lift in outcomes. 
Finally, we demonstrate that contextual marketing works in a 
Linear TV viewing context.
TC06
Virtual Room 06
AI Adoption Implications
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Yan Huang
Tepper School of Business, Carnegie Mellon 
University, Pittsburgh, PA
1 - Identifying Marketers’ Skills from Self-
presentation in Profile Pictures
Olga Goncalves, IAE University of Perpignan (MRM), 
Perpignan, France
Camille Lacan
Internet Platforms of the sharing economy struggle with 
identifying the most skilled marketers on their platforms. 
Current approach uses online consumer ratings as well as 
marketer’s online activity information to distinguish the 
most skilled but it requires several months or years before 
knowing the result. Drawing from the impression formation 
theory and the evolutionary psychology, this research 
examines whether marketers’ self-presentation in a profile 
picture could be an early signal of their skills and turns to 
the deep learning models on visual information processing 
to solve this cold start issue. A pre-trained CNN deep 
learning model (VGG-Face) combined with trained models 
extract the hidden features of profile pictures from 37,002 
Airbnb hosts (balanced between hosts and superhosts). 
These features are augmented by contextual information 
and entered into a tenfold cross-validated binary classifier 
(Logit). Superhost marketers were correctly identified in 63% 
of cases, better than chance (50%, Cohen’s d = .38). The most 
predictive elements are the attributes of the marketer’s face 
(morphology, attractiveness) and demographics (age, gender). 
Transient features (facial emotions, head poses) and social 
context (number of persons) improve marginally accuracy. 
These findings highlight the value of facial recognition to 
identify marketers’ skills and have practical implications for 
training and the management of marketers.
2 - Deep Reinforcement Learning for Sequential 
Promotions
Xueming Luo, Temple University, Philadelphia, PA
Wen Wang, Beibei Li
Deep reinforcement learning (DRL) has opened up many 
unprecedented opportunities in revolutionizing the
digital marketing field. In this study, we designed a DRL-
based personalized targeting strategy in a sequentialsetting. 
We show that the strategy is able to address three important 
challenges of sequential targeting. 1)Forward-looking: 
balancing between a firm’s current revenue and future 
revenues; 2) Earning-while-learning:maximizing profits while 
continuously learning through exploration-exploitation; 3) 
Scalability: coping with ahigh-dimensional state and policy 
space. We illustrate the above through a novel design 
of a DRL-basedartificial intelligence (AI) agent. To better 
adapt DRL to complex consumer behavior dimensions, 
we proposeda quantization-based uncertainty learning 
heuristic for efficient exploration-exploitation. Our policy 
evaluationresults through simulation suggest that the 
proposed DRL agent generates 26.75% more long-term 
revenuesthan can the non-DRL approaches on average, 
and learns 76.92% faster than the second fastest model 
amongall benchmarks.
3 - Improving Churn Detection by Tackling 
Redundancy in Big Data
Christian Colot, PostDoctoral Researcher, University of 
Luxembourg, Luxembourg, Luxembourg
Zoran Obradovic
The explosion of digital data has led to very promising 
opportunities to leverage it for decision-making. However, 
a key challenge is to deal with the redundancy issue that 
might arise among extracted features. This redundancy 
might indeed lead to select a sub optimal model and also 
to slow down the convergence of the algorithm. In the 
present empirical study, we compare the performance of a 
recent variation of Random Forest namely Essence Random 
Forest to Gradient Boosting for churn prediction within a 
telephone company. In particular, this case study includes 
multiple extracted features from unstructured data with a 
high level of redundancy. Our results highlight that, without 
any time constraint, Gradient Boosting reaches a higher 
classification performance. However, Essence Random 
converges approximately four times faster than Gradient 
Boosting to its best performance. Notably, the latter method 
overtakes the former after 2.7 times the time needed for 
Essence Random Forest to offer its best result. Overall, these 
results indicate that the choice of the algorithm depends on 
the importance of time in the context. What is more, a hybrid 
combination of both algorithms might be considered as 
future work as the key mechanism behind Essence Random 
Forest i.e. a weighted random sampling of features according 
to redundancy might be implemented in Gradient Boosting. 
This hybrid combination might potentially speed up the 
convergence of Gradient Boosting.
4 - Simplicity is the Ultimate Sophistication: Price 
Match vs. Reinforcement Learning
Yan Huang, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA
Qiaochu Wang, Param Vir Singh
Retailers are increasingly using pricing algorithms to 
automatically update their prices to improve profit. 
Reinforcement learning (RL) based pricing algorithms are 
particularly appealing for this purpose because they can 
autonomously learn an optimal pricing policy that best 
responds to competitors’ price changes without prior 
knowledge of the competitors’ strategies and the market 
environment and, more importantly, can adapt to any 
evolution in competitors’ pricing strategy. It is commonly 
believed that sophisticated RL based algorithms have 
a significant advantage over simple rule-based pricing 
algorithms; therefore, in a competitive environment, firms 
should also adopt RL based pricing if their competitors are 
using such algorithms. However, through extensive pricing 
experiments in a model of repeated price competition, 
we show that a firm’s best response to its competitor’s 
sophisticated RL based algorithms is to use simple rule-based 
pricing algorithms, such as price match. In fact, price match 
dominates RL, supervised learning, and multi-armed bandit 
based pricing strategies as a response to the competitor’s 
RL algorithm. The results hold when the products offered 
by the competing firms are either identical or horizontally 
differentiated. We provide theoretical rationale and empirical 
evidence to explain the dominance of price match and 
discuss policy implications.
TC07
Virtual Room 07
Machine Learning Applications for 
Unstructured Marketing
Special Sessions
Chair: Siliang Tong
Nanyang Technological University, Philadelphia, PA
Co-Chair: Mariya Topchy
University of Connecticut, Manchester, CT
1 - Does Social Media Participation Benefit 
Product Content Generation? Evidence from a 
Social Media Shutdown
Sihan Fang, Nanyang Technological University, 
Singapore, Singapore
Siliang Tong, Yingjie Zhang, Junhong Chu, Zhijie Lin
Leveraging a quasi-natural experiment of an unexpected 
shutdown of a social media channel in a large social 
marketplace, we investigate how individual sellers’ social 
media participation affects their motivation in product 
listing and their efforts in product content generation. 
Empirical results demonstrate that the shutdown leads to 
a lower likelihood of sellers posting a resale product and 
fewer product listings, suggesting that sellers might have a 
lower resale motivation. One plausible explanation is that 
social media participation helps reduce sellers’ hassle cost 
of product resale as it provides social support and resale 
inspiration. Text mining analyses of product descriptions 
provide evidence to support the proposed cost reduction 
mechanism of social media participation. The results show 
that sellers create product content with a lower level of 
usefulness (i.e., shorter and less concrete product description) 
and fewer sentiment expressions (i.e., applying fewer positive 
sentiments and emotions), indicating that the increased 
hassle cost reduces the level of elaboration in content 
generation after the social media shutdown. In addition, the 
identified effect is more salient for sellers who are less familiar 
with the resale process (i.e., have less resale experience in the 
marketplace) or more sensitive to the hassle cost (i.e., have a 
fulltime occupation). The paper offers important implications 
for social marketplace managers in promoting seller product 
content generation and driving supply growth.
2 - Understanding Parent Opinions Using a Joint 
Pyramid Attention Network
Wenchang Li, Sichuan University, Sichuan, China
John P Lalor, Yixing Chen, Qiangming Yan
In recent years, school rating platforms such as GreatSchools, 
NICHE, and U.S. News & World Report have become an 
important part of the landscape in facilitating parental choice 
when selecting schools. These platforms host a vast number 
of parent-generated school reviews, and such unstructured 
information is valuable for parents to make decisions and 
for schools to get feedback for their services. Therefore, 
mining parent opinions is crucial to supporting high-quality 
education services. Aspect-based sentiment analysis (ABSA), 
a text analysis task that extracts aspects from reviews and 
classifies the sentiment polarities attributed to each aspect, 
is closely related to extracting parent opinion towards 
various aspects of education services. However, the lack of 
gold-standard aspects and aspect-level annotations make 
building such an ABSA system difficult. In this paper, we 
propose a joint learning network for ABSA without aspect-
level annotations. Our approach includes unsupervised 
aspect extraction and supervised sentiment classification 
trained simultaneously. For the sentiment classification task, 
we design a pyramid attention network (PAN) that uses 
easy-to-obtain review-level ratings as labels for training. At 
the same time, PAN can capture sentiment at three levels: 
word-level, aspect-level, and review-level, for rich, detailed 
interpretability. Experiments on GreatSchools parent review 
datasets demonstrate that our approach can discover 
meaningful aspects from the reviews and shows a promising 
result on the review-level sentiment classification task.
3 - Regulatory Focus Shifts in Response to 
Arbitrary Temporal Boundaries: A Quasi-
Experiment on Twitter
David DeFranza, University of Utah, Salt Lake City, UT
Promothesh Chatterjee
Every day, individuals schedule events, make goals, and 
estimate the time remaining until a deadline occurs. For 
example, imagine the month is November, and a holiday 
sale is approaching in 15 days. Does the way consumers 
think about the event change if it falls on November 28 
or December 2, all else being equal? We use distributed 
language models and more than five million tweets 
spanning 11 years to address this question. Our findings 
suggest a correlation between expressions of a promotion 
focus, more abstract language, and increasing prospective 
and retrospective distance from an event. In addition, the 
presence of a temporal border is associated with more 
distant construals for a given day, controlling for the objective 
distance to the event. We find that individuals show signs they 
consider events occurring at the beginning of the next month 
to be further away than those occurring at the beginning 
of the current month. Thus, while time is a necessary 
consideration, time itself is not interpreted objectively. 
Understanding this is important for the tasks outlined 
above, but also for managers, policy makers, and others 
establishing and enforcing deadlines. Moreover, introducing 
a new moderator, temporal borders, may be helpful for 
future researchers exploring regulatory and construal level 
theories and practitioners concerned with establishing a 
regulatory and construal level match in their communications. 
Finally, our work demonstrates the use of a powerful method 
which can be used to measure psychological constructs in 
natural language. This method will be of general interest to 
researchers and those concerned with understanding the 
attitudes and associations latent in text data.
4 - Predicting Hiring Decisions in Voice-to-Voice 
Interactions
Mariya Topchy, University of Connecticut, Storrs, CT
Debanjan Mitra
With only 5% of customer service interactions beginning 
with face-to-face encounters (Microsoft 2017) and growing 
popularity of services without physical locations to serve 
customers, voice-to-voice communications become 
an essential touchpoint for both service providers and 
customers. In such interactions, voice represents the only 
medium of information exchange as communication partners 
are void of visual cues such as person’s appearance, body 
language, facial expressions, etc. Indeed, the ability of voice 
to communicate information transcends linguistic content of 
the message. In social psychology, voice is known to reveal 
speaker’s identify (gender, age, etc.), traits (attractiveness, 
credibility, expertise, dominance, etc.), and states (confidence, 
focus, affect, etc.). However, despite the informational power 
of voice, marketers still know little about how to utilize voice 
to better serve customers and improve business outcomes. 
Specifically, it is unclear how informative customer and 
service provider’s voices are in predicting an encounter 
outcome and whether service providers can influence these 
outcomes through voice training or modulation. To examine 
the informational power of voice, we partner with a large U.S. 
law firm to obtain data on free phone consultations to, first, 
examine the predictive power of voice, and then examine 
what elements of the voice-to-voice interaction (evident from 
service provider’s and client’s voices) play the most critical role 
in determining the outcome of the interaction. Using machine 
learning techniques such as transfer learning and anomaly 
detection, we extract meaningful audio characteristics 
from raw soundwaves and use them to predict consultation 
outcome—customer’s decision to hire a lawyer. We further 
employ interpretability techniques to identify which audio 
characteristics are the most powerful predictors and provide 
motivation for their predictive power.
TC08
Virtual Room 08
Brand and Channel Strategy
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Amrita Mitra
Ivey Business School, London, ON, Canada
1 - Should We Use Net Scores? Investigating 
Positive-negative Asymmetries in Brand Buzz, 
Quality, and Value
William Shibuya, University of Houston, Houston, TX
Rex Du
The authors present empirical regularities about positive-
negative asymmetries in brand metrics, using panel 
autoregression and multinomial logistic regression to study 
1,033 brands tracked for more than six years. Marketers 
frequently use net scores without accounting for potential 
differences in weights between the positive and negative 
sides of a metric. But should we use such net scores? Patterns 
from two studies indicate we should weigh positive and 
negative ratings differently. The first study shows that the 
impact of changes on the positive side of brand metrics is 
stronger than changes on the negative side. The pattern 
is valid for changes in quality, value, and buzz and for their 
impact on purchase consideration and purchase intent. The 
second study shows that, for quality and value, the inertia of 
the positive side is higher than the inertia of the negative side 
regardless of brand rank. For buzz, the pattern depends on 
the rank: the inertia of the positive side is higher for lower-
ranked brands but lower for higher-ranked brands, compared 
to the inertia of the negative side. Thus, there are positive-
negative asymmetries in brand metrics that need to be 
accounted for to avoid bias when estimating their effects.
2 - Are Global Brands Less Authentic in Local 
Markets? The Influence of Local Indexicality 
and Local Iconicity on Perceived Global Brand 
Authenticity
Qianwen Ding, Guangdong University of Science and 
Technology, Guangdong, China
Recently, influenced by the resurgence of nationalism and 
increasing number of critical voices towards globalization 
(Liu et al., 2021; Mandler et al., 2020), consumers are turning 
to local products rather than non-local alternatives (Riefler, 
2020). Nevertheless, the larger threat for global brands is its 
underlying influences on the perceived brand authenticity 
(PBA) (Liu et al., 2021). Although existing literature has 
examined the positive relationship between perceived brand 
globalness (PBG) and PBA (Özsomer & Altaras, 2008; Safeer 
et al., 2021), the influence of new global consumer culture 
context might reshape the mechanism of PBG and the way 
it interacts with PBA critically. Hence, by offering significant 
reflective views in a new globalization landscape, this study 
aims to investigate how PBG associates with PBA in local 
markets, and its impacts on brand preference(global vs. local).
Moreover, despite incorporating local elements is one of 
the localized strategies for global brands, the effects of 
incorporating local elements on global brand authenticity 
evaluations remain unknown. Grounded on the research by 
Fritz et al. (2017), perceived cultural closeness contributes 
to brand legitimacy that enhances PBA. Therefore, drawing 
from Grayson & Martinec’s (2004) research in semiotics as well, 
this study suggests that local elements embraced by global 
brands include local indexicality and iconicity that lead to 
enhanced authenticity evaluations, which positively associated 
with brand preference for global brands.In sum, engaging in 
a series of experimental studies, this research is expected to 
extend the theory of perceived brand globalness and brand 
authenticity under the potential weakened positive effects of 
globalization on international marketing. The study also adds 
to authenticity literature through an empirical investigation 
of indexicality and iconicity in a context of glocal strategy. 
Besides, this study is expected to offer substantial managerial 
implications for global brand localization in a competitive 
landscape of global and local players.
3 - The Causal Impact of Mall Entry on 
Incumbents: Substitution, Agglomeration and 
the Key Role of Mall Positioning
Lu Feng, University of Electronic Science and Technology 
of China, Chengdu, China
Keyan Zhu, Cheng He, Tong Wang, Yu Jeffrey Hu
This paper studies the causal impact of mall entry on the 
incumbent malls. We conduct a quasi-experimental analysis 
by using a unique data set of traffic in 1,056 shopping malls. 
The results demonstrate that incumbents lose customer traffic 
by 3.4% after the entry on average. Heterogeneity analyses 
show that the incumbents that are closer to the entrants have 
fewer traffic losses. Specifically, the incumbents adjacent to 
the entrants have a traffic increase after the entry. The results 
also show that the entrants which are positioned as large-
scale, low-priced, and newer brands cause more traffic losses 
to incumbents. Our findings shed light on the mechanisms 
driving mall customer traffic, namely agglomeration effect and 
substitution effect, as well as the role of mall positioning.
4 - How Well do Outlets’ Early Days 
Predict Future Performance? Evidence 
From a Multinational Enterprise’s 
International Expansion
Amrita Mitra, Ivey Business School, London, ON, Canada 
Kersi Antia
Multinational enterprises (MNEs) often rely on local partners 
to establish new outlets in host countries. Our study 
provides a better understanding of these outlets’ life cycles. 
Specifically, we seek to (i) ascertain the critical outlet transition 
points of takeoff (i.e. transition between the introductory 
and growth phases) and slowdown (i.e. transition between 
the growth and maturity phases), (ii) predict the outlet’s sales 
in maturity as a function of its sales during its introductory 
phase, and (iii) emphasize the role of the host country-specific 
initial business environment to explain differences in how 
well outlets’ sales in the introductory phase predict their 
sales in maturity. We use monthly sales performance data 
from a Canadian MNE for more than 400 outlets operated 
by nearly 300 local partners across 7 countries between 2003 
and 2020. We integrate this data with additional information 
from six different databases for the same countries and over 
the same 18-year period on more than 100 indicators of host 
country-specific culture, economic freedom, ease of doing 
business, and political stability. We rely on Functional Data 
Analysis to capture the outlets’ introductory phase sales 
trends as functional principal component scores (FPCs). FPCs 
are predictors of outlets’ sales in maturity; their interactions 
with host-country specific indicators represent the moderating 
role of the initial business environment. In predicting outlet 
sales well in advance, our study would help managers’ 
resource allocation and life cycle management efforts. Our 
study will also help both parties understand key factors 
impacting future performance, thus providing them with 
effective levers of control.
TC09
Virtual Room 09
Advertising and Society
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Soogand Alavi
University of Texas at Dallas
1 - The Tucker Carlson Effect: Economic 
Consequences of Socio-political Activism
Rahul Suhag, University of North Carolina-Chapel Hill, 
Chapel Hill, NC
Rajdeep Grewal, Frank Germann
Tucker Carlson, TV host on Fox News, is popular for his right-
leaning ideology and for making ‘controversial’ statements. 
Such statements have led to various activist groups calling 
upon brands to stop advertising during his show. We study 
the economic consequences of statements in which Carlson 
took a public stance on two prominent socio-political issues: 
Immigration (in 2018) and Black Lives Matter (in 2020). Using 
multisource data from Kantar Media and Nielsen TV, and 
employing a novel Bayesian synthetic difference in differences 
(BSDID) method, we estimate the impact of Carlson’s 
controversial statements on not only his show’s advertising 
revenue but also the supply-side (i.e., advertisers) drivers of 
that revenue. We find that Carlson’s show lost advertising 
revenue following the first event in 2018. In contrast, 
advertising revenue did not decline following the second 
event in 2020. Mechanism analyses indicate that, following 
the 2018 event, the number of advertised brands on Tucker 
Carlson’s show declined along with the cost of advertising, 
and even though each of the remaining advertisers was given 
a longer advertising window, it couldn’t mitigate the effect. 
Supplementary analysis suggests that advertising brands 
became more homogenous and politically aligned (i.e., 
conservative) with Carlson’s ideology, likely buffering the show 
from advertising losses following the 2020 event. Therefore, 
even though we see a decline in the cost of advertising 
following the 2020 event, the revenue does not decrease this 
time around, as advertisers do not depart. These findings 
highlight the need for both the advertising channels and 
the brands to be even more diligent in their selection 
of strategic partners.
2 - Presidential Advertising Campaigns and 
Hate Crimes
Seulmin Yang, PhD candidate, Carlson School of 
Management, University of Minnesota, Minneapolis, MN
Linli Xu, Jason Chan, Yi Zhu
Presidential campaigns are the essential means for candidates 
to deliver their stance on key political issues, aiming to 
persuade voters that they deserve their individual votes. 
In the 2020 election cycle, the total campaign spending 
by all presidential candidates was over $4 billion, with TV 
advertising as the major medium. In the current study, we 
investigate whether the presidential campaigns have broader 
impacts on society beyond their influence on the voting 
outcome. Specifically, we use the 2012 and 2016 presidential 
elections to examine the relationships between presidential 
advertising spending and the number of hate crimes across 
261 counties. The results indicate that presidential advertising 
campaigns by the democratic candidates have positive 
relationships with the number of hate crimes under both 
election cycles. In addition, more hate crimes are associated 
with counties where the republican party won the election 
and in states that traditionally support the republican party. 
Similar patterns are found across different types of hate 
crimes. These results imply that people, when exposed to 
ad campaigns by a presidential candidate of the opposing 
party, may act out or even conduct a crime, which suggests 
the need to closely monitor the unintended consequence of 
political campaigns.
3 - Gender Portrayals in Print Advertising: A 
Longitudinal Content Analysis
Edmund Hershberger, Associate Professor, Southern 
Illinois University Edwardsville, Edwardsville, IL
Michael Hair
The portrayal of women in advertising has been a long-
studied phenomenon, with the seminal work being 
completed by Erving Goffman in 1976. This theory postulates 
that there are six categories of Gender Display in advertising: 
relative size, feminine touch, function ranking, ritualization of 
subordination, and licensed withdrawal. This theory has been 
revisited a number of times (Kang 1997; Bell and Milic 2002; 
Sharma and Bumb 2021). This study seeks two objectives: 1) 
to validate the Goffman categories in more current media, 
and 2) to detect social shifts from the 1960s to the 2010s as 
displayed through magazine advertisements. Following on 
established procedures for conducting content analyses 
of advertising (Kassarjian 1977), we accessed published 
magazine advertising from the archive of Time magazine 
(www.time.com/vault/). A team of researchers accessed 
issues of Time magazine from each of the last five decades. 
For each decade, the first full page ad featuring a woman 
was selected from each month of the first five years of each 
decade, resulting in a total sample of 360 ads. The ads 
were split by decade among three coders, with each coder 
applying the category rubric suggested by Goffman (1976). 
We found that across most of Goffman’s categories, use of 
the portrayal category significantly decreased throughout 
the period. However, the occurrences of the Infantilized 
Woman increased significantly throughout the period. Also, 
occurrences of Feminine Touch and Licensed Withdrawal 
declined overall throughout the period but increased from 
the 2000s to the 2010s.
4 - Assessing the Effectiveness of Digital Political 
Fundraising Ads on Facebook: Ad Delivery 
Algorithm, Impressions, and Ad Content
Soogand Alavi, The University of Texas-Dallas, Dallas, TX
Ying Xie, Shervin Tehrani
Digital political ad spending increased by 16% in the 2020 US 
presidential election compared to 2016, with a vast majority 
of this budget being spent on social media ads that solicit 
political donations. We contribute to the political advertising 
literature, which prior to this work has only examined voter 
persuasion ads on TV, by studying the effectiveness of digital 
fundraising ad copy designs given political advertisers’ 
targeting strategy. The empirical challenge of this study 
is the potential bias induced by a non-random targeting 
practice of Facebook’s proprietary ad delivery algorithm. 
In other words, the exposed users that create the total 
impressions that we observe as a researcher or advertiser, 
are chosen by the algorithm based on how likely they are to 
engage with a given ad content. Therefore, comparing the 
final impressions of different ad copies (that target the same 
population) may not be a fair comparison since the users 
were not chosen randomly. To address this challenge, we 
train a random forest model that can predict the impressions 
of an ad if the ad delivery algorithm had not played a role 
in choosing the optimal user for ad exposure based on ad 
content. By studying Biden and Trump’s digital fundraising 
ads during the presidential election of 2020 using advertising 
data from Facebook’s Ad Library and donation data from 
FEC, we find that ad content indeed plays an important role 
in ad effectiveness: ad elasticity varies depending on the 
tone, fundraising appeals, and state customization of the 
ad copy. We also find that without correcting for Facebook’s 
ad delivery algorithm, elasticities are overestimated which is 
aligned with the reported bias direction in the literature.
TC10
Virtual Room 10
Online Consumer Privacy II
Special Sessions
Chair: Klaus Miller
HEC Paris, Jouy-en-Josas, France
Co-Chair: Bernd Skiera
Goethe University Frankfurt, Frankfurt, Germany
1 - Optimal Service Configuration for 
Digital Newspaper Providers: Consumer 
Preferences and Willingness to Pay for 
Informational Privacy
Felix Eggers, University of Groningen, Groningen, 
Netherlands
Nils Wloemert
We conducted an incentive-aligned choice-based conjoint 
analysis and a consequential validation study among 
customers of an Austrian news publisher to capture 
consumers’ price and privacy trade-offs. We find a substantial 
willingness-to-pay for informational privacy, which exceeds 
the monetary valuations for news contents and formats. 
Our results suggest that privacy-based subscriptions 
mainly appeal to users of free ad-funded offers and thus 
increase total revenues.
2 - Can Privacy Protection be Profitable
Gilian Ponte, University of Groningen, Groningen, 
Netherlands
Tom Boot, Thomas Reutterer, Jaap Wieringa
Marketing’s motivation to spend every dollar efficiently has 
resulted in the large-scale collection of personal information 
fueling an unprecedented detailed level of targeting. Such 
practices are experienced by customers as intrusive and 
give rise to privacy concerns—making policymakers and 
firms grapple with consumers’ privacy protection (e.g. 
Digital Services Act). Research has shown that existing 
privacy protection approaches are ineffective in protecting 
consumers’ privacy. In this study, we propose a methodology 
that allows marketers to collect personal information and 
target consumers with a mathematical definition of privacy 
protection: differential privacy. Importantly, we aim to quantify 
the effect of differential privacy on privacy concerns, the 
willingness to disclose information and the profitability of 
marketing campaigns. Our findings aim to inform public 
privacy policy, managers and the scientific community. If 
differential privacy alleviates the intrusiveness that targeting 
invokes, firms can protect individuals’ privacy while possibly 
increasing targeting’s profitability. Conversely, policymakers 
might consider to mandate differential privacy and 
protect consumers’ privacy.
3 - Balancing User Privacy With Predictive 
Insights in Mobile Location Data
David A Schweidel, Emory University, Atlanta, GA
Tal Shoshani, Peter Pal Zubcsek
Mobile location data offers granular detail into consumers’ 
mobility patterns. The detailed nature of the data, however, 
can reveal sensitive information about consumers based on 
the places that they visit, such as healthcare facilities, social 
connections or educational institutions. Using device-level 
data from a location data provider, we examine the extent 
to which predictive performance is affected by grouping 
individuals into homogeneous clusters that afford increased 
privacy. In our empirical context, we find that some level of 
aggregation results in higher predictive accuracy.
4 - Pay-or-consent: Analyzing the Attractiveness 
for Publishers to Obtain Consent with 
Tracking-free Paywalls
Timo Mueller-Tribbensee, Goethe University Frankfurt, 
Frankfurt, Germany
Klaus Miller, Bernd Skiera
For the collection of personal data, European privacy 
regulation requires publishers to obtain consent. However, 
asking users for consent via consent banners often results in 
users refusing consent. Thus, publishers increasingly adopt 
a solution, which forces users to either (a) pay for not being 
tracked or (b) consent to access the publishers’ content. 
We study the attractiveness of obtaining consent with such 
tracking-free paywalls.
TC11
Virtual Room 11
Social Impact and Effects
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Rachel Ramey
University of Georgia, Athens, GA
1 - Pump Priming Markets at the Base of the 
Pyramid: A Randomized Controlled Trial of 
Push vs. Pull Strategies in Rural India
Gaurav Mehta, University of Cologne, Cologne, Germany
, Rajesh Chandy, Werner J Reinartz, Om Narasimhan
This paper offers new insights on the marketing of new 
socially beneficial product categories to rural emerging 
market communities. Such categories are those where it 
is not even clear that demand exists (often due to lack of 
awareness), and a thriving marketplace of transactions most 
assuredly does not. We introduce the concept of pump 
priming: the stimulation of sales of a product category 
through early investments in marketing activities that 
educate consumers about problems created by current 
behaviours, and the advantages of new consumption 
behaviours. The ability to prime the pump for socially 
beneficial products could help address market failures that 
are often prevalent at the bottom of pyramid. We study the 
concept of pump priming through a randomized controlled 
trial involving 25,200 households in 240 rural villages in Uttar 
Pradesh, India. We specifically examine the impact of two 
marketing approaches that are particularly salient to such 
contexts and compare them to the traditional approach 
of selling through retail shops:a) community pull, defined 
as marketing efforts that seek to influence purchase and 
use behaviour among consumers through activities and 
events that draw large groups from the community (e.g., 
community rallies).b) consumer push, defined as marketing 
efforts that incentivize and support the targeting of specific 
segments of consumers to purchase and use products 
from new categories, with the expectation that these 
consumers will in turn influence others. Results suggest 
that direct marketing approaches involving consumer push 
and community pull marketing significantly outperform the 
traditional marketing approaches and could potentially help 
in address market failures that hinder the adoption of socially 
beneficial products.
2 - Customer Feedback, Employer Public 
Recognition, and Migrant Workers’ 
Well-being: Nudges to Facilitate Social 
Sustainability
Ruhan Liu, Peking University, Beijing, China
Wanqing Zhang, Pradeep K. Chintagunta, Jing Xu
Migrant workers represent a significant part of the wage-
earning population in the world and make remarkable 
contributions to the global economy. Above 200 million 
people live outside their home countries. In China, rural 
migrants contributed about 8.2% to the economic growth 
of the secondary and tertiary industries. However, many 
of them encounter difficulties in integrating into the local 
society and suffer from poor working conditions and job 
stigmatization. To improve front-line migrant workers’ well-
being, we use customer feedback and employer public 
recognition as nudges to help them better understand their 
job duties, build up self-esteem through others’ recognition, 
and derive a sense of meaning and belongingness from 
their jobs. Empirically, we conducted a longitudinal field 
experiment among 153 front-line employees (the majority 
of them are migrants) from an online household service 
platform in China. Key findings reveal that employees benefit 
from customers’ positive feedback in terms of learning 
engagement, job motivation and ability, psychological well-
being, and relationships with their employer. Furthermore, 
treatment effects are contingent on multiple factors, including 
employees’ demographics (e.g., age, gender, education), 
prior job performance, baseline levels of well-being, and their 
employment relationships before our intervention. In addition, 
repeated interventions remain effective over time. Overall, our 
research provides insights into social sustainability, marketing 
for social impact, and supporting vulnerable workers.
3 - Do Women Pay More than Men for Indirect 
Auto Financing?
Cem Ozturk, University of South Carolina, Columbia, SC
Cheng He, Pradeep Chintagunta
We study whether, and if so, when women pay more than 
men for auto loans, the third most prevalent consumer debt 
category in the U.S. In theory, the availability of many lenders 
in the auto loan market could hinder markup discrimination 
between genders. However, consumer advocates have long 
maintained that the lack of transparency in dealer markups 
for indirect auto loans incentivizes dealers to charge what 
they think they can get away with, rather than what consumers 
are eligible for, based on their credit tiers. We show that 
dealers charge higher markups to women than men using 
detailed individual transaction-level data. We also find that 
the difference in dealer markups between female and male 
buyers is smaller for 1) women in census tracts with higher 
education levels, 2) younger women, and 3) women who trade 
in a car. The gender gap in dealer markups disappears in 
dealers in Democratic (vs. Republican) counties and for loans 
from captive lenders (i.e., financing arms of automakers). 
It diminishes as the number of financial institutions in the 
dealers’ markets increases. It even reverses for the youngest 
group of women. These findings inform policymakers and 
consumers about the extent of the previously undocumented 
gender gap in indirect auto financing and situations more 
susceptible to unfair lending to women.
4 - Role of Identity Based Motivation in 
Replication of Non-traditional Women-run 
Financial Entity
Rachel Ramey, University of Georgia, Athens, GA
Sundar G Bharadwaj, Ellen McCullough
The nonprofit organization CARE International (Cooperative 
for Assistance and Relief Everywhere) has spent decades 
investing in developing Village Savings and Loan Association 
(VSLA) groups around the world to alleviate global poverty. 
These savings groups are comprised of 15-30 low income 
members, mostly women, who are trained to collectively save 
money. It requires extensive monetary and human resources 
to form all the savings groups, and a desire to reach as 
many communities as possible while responsibly spending 
donor funds has encouraged CARE International to seek 
economical ways to increase the rate of new VSLA group 
formation, such as replication. Replication is when members 
of an existing savings group form a new savings group in 
their community without reliance on CARE resources. By 
applying the marketing concepts of intrinsic motivation and 
identity-based motivation, this research seeks to increase 
the replication rate of savings groups thus increasing their 
reach and global impact. This study reports the results of 
a large-scale randomized controlled trial (RCT) conducted 
with a sample of 1120 VSLA savings groups in Malawi using 
a replication training intervention. This research contributes 
to the marketing literature by examining identity-based 
motivation as a non-monetary incentive in a field setting 
over a long time period.
TC12
Virtual Room 12
Consumer Behavior III
Contributed Sessions
Chair: David Olk
University of Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
1 - Rating Service Professionals First Reduces Tip 
Amount in Sequential Decisions
Jinjie Chen, City University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong
Alison Jing Xu, Maria A. Rodas, Xuefeng Liu
Tips play an important role in the economy. In U.S. 
restaurants, $47 billion is tipped annually (Azar, 2011), and tips 
often represent over half the income of people working in 
the food-service business (PayScale, 2015). As the COVID-19 
Pandemic led to an exponential increase in the popularity 
and importance of app-based services, such as food and 
grocery deliveries (Huet & Chapman, 2020), tipping is an 
important income source for service professionals in more 
industries. New technological advances pose new questions 
to be answered. For example, as rating service professionals 
become more prevalent (e.g., Uber, Instacart), how would 
the order of rating and tipping affect each other? We 
propose that rating a service professional first decreases 
tip amount, based on two theory-driven assumptions. First, 
tipping (i.e., parting with money) is economically costly 
and psychologically painful, and, hence, aversive (Prelec & 
Loewenstein, 1998). Second, people can flexibly categorize 
things based on their needs and goals (Poynor & Haws, 2009). 
Therefore, when consumers have the opportunity to rate the 
service professional first, they can categorize both ratings and 
tips into one category of rewards to the service professional. 
As the result, they feel justified to tip less. However, since 
rating is costless, tipping first would not influence how 
people rate. We demonstrated this effect in seven studies, 
including two field studies, one secondary-data analysis, 
and four lab experiments. Indeed, rating first led to smaller 
tip amounts, and tipping first did not influence ratings. The 
findings contribute to the literature of tipping, categorization, 
and sequential decision making. Our results can also 
help firms design better consumer decision architecture 
for their platforms.
2 - Does Trust Matter? Examine Trust in 
Relationship Between CSR and Consumer 
Buying Behavior
Meilia Natalia, National Chung Hsing University, 
Taichung, Taiwan
CSR has had an impact on many companies and shows 
promising results in generating revenue. Trust can have 
an impact on the success or failure of socially responsible 
companies in the marketplace. CSR activities help generate 
trust among consumers. In this study, the authors use affect-
based trust, cognition-based trust, and disposition-based 
trust to analyze the relationship between CSR and consumer 
buying behavior. This study aims to examine trust when 
placing between CSR and consumer buying behavior as a 
moderating variable. By using quantitative methods and 
through a questionnaire, 254 valid data were collected for 
analysis. This study proves a strong relationship between 
CSR and consumer buying behavior as well as between 
trust and consumer buying behavior. However, when the 
researcher tested trust as a moderator in this study, there was 
no significant evidence proving that trust had an influencing 
power in the relationship between CSR and consumer buying 
behavior. Trust, in this study, was examined as a predictor 
moderator through several tests and analytical procedures.
3 - How Popular is the Usage of Technology-
based Payment among Retail Store Owners 
and Consumers?
Dr Rajesh Kumar Srivastava, Sydenham Institute of 
Management University of Mumbai, Mumbai, India
Dr. Shriniwas Dhure
The study compares the acceptance of technology-based 
payment among Mom-and-Pop retail (small retailers) owners, 
and consumers; patronising the same, as technology-based 
payment is still a problem area in emerging markets like 
India. Four hundred and eight participants in the consumer 
category, and two hundred and twenty participants in the 
retail category participated in this study. Acceptance of 
technology-based payment among Mom-and-Pop store 
owners and consumers patronising the same in emerging 
markets such as India is influenced by experience and service 
charges of the technology-based payment. Results of the 
study can help mobile payment companies understand 
factors that are relevant to increasing adoption of technology 
in the context of merchants and consumers of. The 
Rational-Adoption theory (R-A theory) is used to explain the 
comparative study of digital adoption mode of payment 
among owners and consumers by combining theory of 
diffusion of innovations (Roger, 2003) and the rational choice 
theory (Allingham, 2002
4 - Absolutely Unhealthy, Relatively Healthy: 
The Effect of Consumer Reference Points in 
Evaluating Front-of-package Nutrition Labels
David Olk, PhD Candidate, University of Groningen, 
Groningen, Netherlands
Koert Van Ittersum, Tammo H Bijmolt
Health issues related to food consumption pose an 
increasing threat to people worldwide (WHO, 2018). In 
response, so-called front-of-package labels (FOPLs) have 
been introduced to provide consumers with a simple and 
summarized indication of a product’s nutritional value at the 
point of sale. Meta-analyses of previous studies show that 
while FOPLs increase the purchasing of healthy products, the 
health perception and purchasing of unhealthy products is 
not reduced (Cadario & Chandon, 2020) and even increases 
in some studies (Ikonen et al., 2020). Previous literature has 
failed to provide an explanation for these adverse results.
Using prospect theory, we argue that consumers’ unexpected 
responses to the introduction of FOPLs can be explained by 
their internal healthiness reference point towards a certain 
product. If a product performs better (worse) relative to the 
consumers’ reference point, consumers perceive an increased 
(decreased) utility of that product.We test our hypotheses 
with two datasets. First, we analyze a dataset containing two 
years of weekly in-store sales data of a large Dutch retailer. 
We model each person’s health reference point for selected 
product categories based on the pre-FOPL-introduction 
purchases (year 1) and analyze how they affect post-
introduction purchases (year 2). Second, we validate the in-
store experiment in an online survey including a health-rating 
and purchasing task. We test the effect of health reference 
points on purchase likelihood using a latent-class multinomial 
logit model.The envisioned scientific contributions of this 
paper are that it (1) uniquely integrates existing theories on 
the effects of reference points into the health intervention 
domain, (2) tests the robustness of earlier findings on the 
effect of reference points, (3) yields novel and unique insights 
into the existence and accuracy of reference points with 
regards to the healthiness of products, and (4) offers a missing 
understanding about the asymmetric effects of health-based 
FOPL on healthy versus unhealthy products.
TC13
Virtual Room 13
Social Media: Social Media Engagement
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Lena Song
NYU, New York, NY 
1 - How to Mitigate the Negative Effects of 
Competitors’ Black Lives Matter Activism on 
Social Media: Coupling Natural Experiments 
and Machine Learning
Marco Qin, Temple University, Philadelphia, PA
Yang Wang, Xueming Luo
The recent Black Lives Matter (BLM) movement shocked 
our society and reached a dramatic climax with over 450 
major protests spanning across the globe. Our research 
quantifies the causal impact of competitors’ BLM activism 
on a focal brand and examines how to mitigate the possible 
negative impact for the focal brand. We use a difference-
in-differences modeling approach and advanced machine 
learning algorithms (GAN-BERT) to analyze unstructured 
social media textual data by taking advantage of the Blackout 
Tuesday, an event during which numerous brands expressed 
BLM solidarity by posting black squares on Instagram, but not 
Twitter, as a natural experiment. Based on a unique dataset 
involving 312 brands from the competitive and concentrated 
fashion industry and 225,918 social media posts, we find a 
significantly negative impact of competitors’ BLM postings 
on focal brands’ social media engagement. Relative to 
their Twitter accounts without Blackout Tuesday posts, focal 
brands whose competitors supported the Blackout Tuesday 
BLM event on Instagram gained 36% fewer followers and 
experienced an additional 15% decrease in consumer liking.
Fortunately, focal brands can assuage such a negative impact 
of competitors’ BLM activism through a battery of mitigation 
approaches. From a top-down approach, brands that build 
a large number of social media followers and whose close 
rivals are not intensely engaged in BLM activism are less 
prone to this negative impact. Furthermore, from a bottom-
up approach, focal brands can leverage pre-emptive BLM 
postings prior to the event to mitigate the negative impact. 
Interestingly, another bottom-up approach of using follow-up 
copycat BLM posts by the focal brand immediately after its 
rival brands’ activism backfires even more when the top-down 
factor of rival BLM activism intensity is high; however, if the 
focal brand is late to the BLM movement but still wants to 
support social justice causes, it can do so to show its moral 
obligations and not suffer from the negative impact when 
competitors’ activism intensity is low.
2 - Firm Responses to the Content and Emotions 
Expressed in Social-Media Word of Mouth
Aishwarrya Deore, Michigan State University, East 
Lansing, MI
This study examines the influence of content and emotional 
feedback expressed through social-media channels on 1) firm 
revenues and consumer purchasing decisions, 2) firm quality 
outcomes, and 3) firm operational and resource allocations. 
Using psychology theory as a framework and textual analyses 
methods, I classify web scrapings of millions of social media 
posts for 19 US airlines for the 2007-2019 period based on 
its cognitive content and emotional type. I identify social 
media word-of-mouth (SWOM) feedback about five quality-
related themes based on their emotional type. The results 
show that negative and non-negative quality-related SWOM 
impact consumer and firm outcomes. Firm revenues and 
consumer volume decrease (increase) following negative 
(non-negative) quality-related SWOM. Firms improve quality 
outcomes following negative quality-related SWOM. Firms 
also alter the level of operations, change pricing strategies, 
and enhance quality-cost investments following quality-
related emotional SWOM. This research highlights the 
usefulness of SWOM as a source of customer feedback for 
firms and its decision-facilitating role and provides evidence 
that firms incorporate both the content and emotional type 
of customer feedback in their management control design. 
It also contributes to the marketing literature on the socio-
economic impact of SWOM on consumers and firms alike 
and sheds light on product design choices that change 
in response to SWOM.
3 - Visual Luxury Appeals: The Role of Extended-
self and Hedonism for Social Media 
Engagement
Yuqiao (Yuqi) Liang, University of New South Wales, 
Sydney, Australia
Jun Bum Kwon, Zhenyu Wang, Yichen Liu, Ka Wing Chan, 
Felix Septianto
Since the pandemic outbreak, the online demand for luxury 
products has been growing sharply, despite their high price. 
In response, luxury companies invest more in their social 
media marketing to attract consumers. We investigate the 
effective dimensions of luxury appeals across different luxury 
product categories. By utilizing state-of-art AI service, we 
detect two personal luxury dimensions: extended-self and 
hedonism from 65,000 images across 10 luxury fashion and 10 
luxury hotel Instagram accounts. We find that an extended-
self appeal is effective for luxury fashion, while a hedonism 
appeal is so for a luxury hotel. We discuss the theoretical 
and managerial implications. Keywords: luxury dimension, 
hedonism, extended-self, social media
4 - The Heterogeneous Effects of Social Media 
Content on Racial Attitudes
Lena Song, NYU, New York, NY
Social media content has the potential to either bring 
people together or push them apart. I formalize a model that 
predicts an inverted-U relationship between the content’s 
persuasiveness and its distance from the reader’s existing 
beliefs. Using online survey experiments, I expose U.S. 
adults with varying racial beliefs to social media content 
supporting racial justice. Racial moderates are persuaded 
and become more progressive after the exposure to 
moderately progressive content. The same content has 
little effect on racial progressives and conservatives, and 
extremely progressive content generates a backlash for racial 
conservatives. Racial conservatives and moderates rate more 
progressive content as less informative, less reliable and more 
objectionable. These findings provide causal evidence that 
racial justice content can be persuasive and highlight the 
importance of tailoring content in persuasion.
TC14
Virtual Room 14
Advances in Demand Estimation
Special Sessions
Chair: Giovanni Compiani
University of Chicago, Chicago, IL
Co-Chair: Ilya Morozov
Stanford University, Stanford, CA
Co-Chair: Stephan Seiler
Imperial College Business School, Londdon, 
United Kingdom
1 - Demand Estimation with Pairwise Variables
Stephan Seiler, Imperial College Business School, London, 
United Kingdom
Giovanni Compiani, Ilya Morozov
We propose a model of demand that allows utility to be 
correlated as a function product-pair level variables, such 
as how similar product labels are or how similar customer 
reviews are between different products. To incorporate 
these variables into a discrete choice demand framework, 
we estimate a paired combinatorial logit model where 
each product is in a separate nest with every other product 
and allow the nesting parameters to depend on pairwise 
variables. Our framework is computationally light and does 
not require simulation, implying that it can be applied to 
online settings where assortments are often large and rich 
information on product similarity can be gleaned from various 
sources. We apply the model to data from an online wine 
merchant, estimate demand for 50 products and show that 
pair-specific variables are helpful to estimate a flexible cross-
price elasticity matrix.
2 - Heterogeneous Position Effects and the 
Power of Rankings
Rafael P. Greminger, Tilburg University, Tilburg, 
Netherlands
Most online search intermediaries and online retailers 
present products on product lists. By changing the ordering 
of products on these lists (the ranking), these online outlets 
can increase revenues at a potential cost to consumer 
welfare. This paper shows that rankings increase revenues 
through the differential impact of higher list positions on 
purchases of heterogeneous products, and provides empirical 
evidence for heterogeneity in these position effects. To 
quantify consumer welfare effects, I develop an estimation 
procedure for the search and discovery model of Greminger 
(2021). Counterfactual simulations highlight that - because 
of the complementarity in attributes and the position on the 
list - revenue-based rankings reduce consumer welfare only 
to a limited extent.
3 - Combining Choices and Response Times in 
the Field: A Drift-diffusion Model of Mobile 
Advertisements
Khai Chiong, University of Texas-Dallas, Richardson, TX
Ryan Webb, Matthew Shum
Endogenous response time data is increasingly becoming 
available to applied researchers of economic choices. 
However, the usefulness of such data for preference 
estimation is unclear. Here, we adapt a sequential-sampling 
model -- previously-validated to jointly explain subjects’ 
choices and response times in laboratory experiments 
-- to model users’ responses to video advertisements on 
mobile devices in a field setting. Our estimates of utility 
correlate positively with out-of-sample measures of ad 
engagement, thus providing external validation of the value 
of incorporating endogenous response time information 
into a choice model. We then use the model estimates to 
assess the effectiveness of manipulating attention towards 
an advertisement. Counterfactual simulations predict that 
requiring users to watch some portion of the ad -- as is the 
practice of some online platforms (e.g. YouTube) -- generate 
only modest increases in click-through rates and revenue.
4 - Shrinkage Priors for High-Dimensional 
Demand Estimation
Adam Smith, University College London, London, 
United Kingdom
Jim Griffin
Estimating demand for wide assortments of differentiated 
goods requires the specification of a demand system that 
is sufficiently flexible. However, flexible models are highly 
parameterized so estimation requires appropriate forms of 
regularization to avoid overfitting. In this paper, we study the 
specification of Bayesian shrinkage priors for price elasticity 
parameters within a log-linear demand system where the 
number of price elasticity parameters grows quadratically in 
the number of goods. Traditional regularized estimators shrink 
regression coefficients towards zero which can be at odds 
with many economic properties of price effects. We propose 
a hierarchical extension of the class of global-local priors 
commonly used in regression modeling to allow the direction 
and rate of shrinkage to depend on a product classification 
tree. We use both simulated data and retail scanner data 
to show that, in the absence of a strong signal in the data, 
estimates of price elasticities and demand predictions can 
be improved by imposing shrinkage to higher-level group 
effects rather than zero.
Thursday, 12:45pm–1:45pm
TD01
Virtual Room 01
Game Theory III
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Fei Long
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, 
Chapel Hill, NC
1 - Demand Uncertainty and Sales Force 
Compensation Design
Rob Waiser, Assistant Professor, London Business School, 
London, United Kingdom
David Soberman
Standard models of sales force compensation design (e.g. 
Basu et al, 1985) indicate that the convexity or concavity of 
the optimal compensation plan (i.e., whether commission 
rates increase or decrease with sales) depends on the risk 
aversion characteristics of the salesperson. In this research, we 
propose an alternative mechanism that can drive the shape 
of the optimal compensation curve in practice -- demand 
uncertainty and asymmetric information. We use a game 
theoretic model to examine optimal sales force compensation 
design when a risk-neutral firm and salesperson face 
uncertainty about the demand for their product at the time 
of contracting. After the contract is signed, the salesperson 
learns about the demand conditions and can adjust her 
selling effort accordingly. We find that the shape of the 
optimal commission curve depends on how selling effort 
affects the probability distribution of sales outcomes, given 
demand conditions. For example, it may be the case that 
under low demand, salesperson effort mainly shifts probability 
from low to intermediate sales outcomes, while under high 
demand conditions, effort primarily shifts probability from 
intermediate to high outcomes. Alternatively, high demand 
might imply that the product sells itself, in which case effort 
is less impactful than under low demand. In general, we 
find that increasing commissions are optimal only when the 
effect of selling effort on the likelihood of high outcomes is 
sufficiently large regardless of the demand condition. When 
effort primarily drives intermediate outcomes under either 
high or low demand, decreasing commissions are optimal. 
We also identify a range of conditions under which piecewise 
commissions perfectly manage asymmetric information and 
elicit efficient effort from salespeople.
2 - How Can Publishers Collaborate and Compete 
With News Aggregators?
Jinzhao Du, The University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong
Wilfred Amaldoss
Publishers face an existential threat from a variety of news 
aggregators, such as free aggregators (e.g., Google News, 
Yahoo! News), micropayment-facilitating aggregators (e.g., 
Blendle) and subscription-charging aggregators (e.g., Apple 
News+). We seek to theoretically examine whether publishers 
can collaborate and compete with the different types of 
news aggregators and, if so, what pricing and content-
sharing strategies should publishers pursue. In the absence 
of a news aggregator, publishers sell their content as a 
composite publication; this intensifies inter-publisher price 
competition and hurts publishers’ profits. A free aggregator, 
however, could help unbundle the articles of a publisher. 
Moreover, the free aggregator can completely eliminate 
inter-publisher competition if publishers share articles on 
the same topic with it, and partially eliminate inter-publisher 
competition if they share articles on different topics with it. 
Yet, the free aggregator needs to bring sufficient additional 
traffic to the publishers to motivate them to share content 
and collaborate with it. Conversely, publishers will be willing 
to collaborate with a micropayment-facilitating aggregator 
even if it does not bring additional traffic to the publishers. 
This is because a micropayment-facilitating aggregator helps 
publishers to unbundle their content and price discriminate. 
Lastly, publishers can be motivated to collaborate even with 
a subscription-charging aggregator that is powerful enough 
to dictate the terms of the revenue-sharing arrangement 
with the publishers. This is because the subscription-
charging aggregator improves its profits without hurting the 
publishers’ surplus.
3 - Pricing Sustainable Products
Siddharth Prusty, Duke University, Durham, NC
Wilfred Amaldoss
Consumers care about sustainability and the environment, 
and this growing concern is reflected in their purchase 
decisions. In response to these shifts in consumer mindset, 
firms are taking several initiatives to improve the impact of 
their products on society and environment. However, knowing 
that investments in sustainability come at a cost, it is a priori 
unclear whether such investments add to a firm’s profits, 
especially in the presence of competition. Moreover, how 
should a firm price a product with a sustainability claim?
To explore these questions, we propose a theoretical 
model for pricing of sustainable products in a horizontally 
differentiated market. We explore two alternate mechanisms 
by which investments in sustainability can affect purchase 
behavior: (1) by increasing consumer valuation for the 
product, or (2) by increasing consumer demand for 
the product without influencing valuation. Under both 
mechanisms, we solve for equilibrium sustainability 
investment and price. Our model allows for heterogeneity in 
consumer preferences for sustainability.Our analysis yields 
some counter-intuitive results. We find conditions under 
which equilibrium price can be independent of the proportion 
of consumers valuing sustainability, while firm profits can be 
decreasing in this measure, due to firms facing a prisoner’s 
dilemma. We explore how diversity in consumers’ taste 
affects equilibrium, finding conditions that can lead to both 
increase or decrease in prices and profits. Finally, we compare 
equilibrium sustainability investment in a free market as 
compared to the total welfare maximizing investment level. 
We see that firms might tend to over-invest in a free market, 
with both firm profits and consumer surplus as higher in a free 
market than in a regulated market.
4 - Fake Sales and Ranking Algorithms in 
Online Retail Marketplace With Sponsored 
Advertising
Fei Long, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, 
Chapel Hill, NC
Yunchuan Liu
We study the optimal algorithm decisions of a platform on 
ranking products sold by sellers--who may use fake sales 
to boost the rankings of their products--and the impact on 
consumers and sellers. We design a model of an online retail 
marketplace with competing sellers. The platform decides 
whether to tolerate fake sales and whether to rank its organic 
results based on sellers’ qualities or popularities. The sellers 
decide whether to buy fake sales and how much to bid for 
sponsored advertising on the platform. We show a platform 
may strategically tolerate or even encourage popularity-
boosting fake sales by a seller when the seller’s quality level 
is extreme relative to competitors. With a low-quality seller, 
allowing fake sales may benefit the platform through reducing 
differentiation between sellers and intensifying competition 
for the sponsored ads (i.e., feeding the puppy dog). With 
a high-quality seller, it benefits the platform by increasing 
differentiation between the two sellers and softening price 
competition, which improves the platform’s commission 
revenue (i.e., feeding the fat cat). Furthermore, fake sales 
may benefit consumers by increasing price competition and 
may also benefit competing sellers by reducing the high-
quality seller’s dominance.
TD02
Virtual Room 02
Decision Making under Uncertainty
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Yuanfang Lin
University of Guelph, Guelph, ON, N1G 
2W1, Canada
1 - The Mechanisms of Moral Trade-offs in Life-
saving Medical Triage Decisions
Siyuan Yin, The Wharton School, University of 
Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA
Nicolette J Sullivan, Walter Sinnott-Armstrong, 
Scott A Huettel
Many real-world decisions are difficult because they require 
tradeoffs between moral principles and utilitarian factors. 
For example, some hospitals have courted controversy for 
denying an otherwise eligible patient’s claim of an organ 
transplant if they refuse to be vaccinated against COVID-19. 
Others may require six months of abstinence before a 
liver transplant. Here, in a laboratory study, we investigate 
participants’ organ transplant decisions based on utilitarian 
(post-transplant life expectancy) and moral (past lifestyle 
decisions) attributes. We vary the utilitarian benefit as well 
as the moral valence (the patient is either praiseworthy or 
blameworthy) to estimate tradeoffs between these two 
attributes. Further, in some cases-as in real life-a patient 
who had already been designated to receive an organ is 
reassessed in light of a new, perhaps more worthy, candidate. 
We implemented a series of Bayesian computational models 
to assess specifically how three variables influenced decisions: 
(1) the weight on expected post-transplant life expectancy, (2) 
blameworthiness or praiseworthiness, and (3) the bias toward 
a previously selected patient. The best model suggests that 
our participants make decisions based on post-transplant life 
expectancy, and more importantly, the moral valence of each 
patient’s lifestyle (e.g., prior alcohol use). We further illustrate 
how eye gaze (assessed using eye-tracking) and decision 
process parameters (assessed using drift diffusion modeling) 
influence the decision-making process to result in trade-offs 
between moral and utilitarian attributes. These also allow us 
to understand when and how previously-selected patients 
gain an advantage in choice, independent of these attributes.
2 - What Drives the Likelihood of Consumption 
After Purchase
Henri Defoor, KU Leuven, Antwerpen, Belgium
Kathleen Cleeren, Neomie Raassens, Jeff Inman
Traditional economic theories assume that grocery purchases 
and consumption are perfectly in sync. However, in reality, 
consumers are often unable to align product purchases and 
consumption due to insufficient planning, impulses from 
the shopping environment, or poor food management. As a 
result, consumers may buy products they eventually do not 
consume. This raises the question which factors drive the 
likelihood of consumption after purchase. We have access to 
a unique single-source dataset which combines information 
from consumption diaries and purchase scanner data for 
the same panel of households (n = 4,677). Using a random-
effects proportional hazard model, we examine the impact 
of product category-, household-, and purchase occasion 
characteristics, which are linked to product preference and 
cost considerations that consumers may have at the moment 
of consumption, on consumption likelihood. We find that the 
likelihood of consumption is 5.6% lower if a grocery product 
is purchased during a major shopping trip (compared to 
a fill-in trip) or 15.1% lower when the purchased product 
was on promotion (versus a regular priced product). If a 
product belongs to a product category typically bought 
for breakfast or a more utilitarian category, consumption 
likelihood is, respectively, 93.8% higher and 17.2% lower than 
for products that belong to other categories. Furthermore, 
products bought by larger households are less likely to be 
consumed, while experience with the product category 
increases the consumption likelihood. Our research also 
points out that a higher unit price and a larger package 
size increases consumption likelihood with, respectively, 
6.1% and 15.7% per unit.
3 - Impact of Individualism vs. Collectivism on 
Consumer Stocking Behavior
Yuanfang Lin, University of Guelph, Waterloo, ON, Canada
Hui Wang, Tirtha Dhar
The impact of COVID-19 pandemic has been 
unprecedentedly striking globally. Consumers’ large quantity 
ordering and stockpiling have resulted in the inventory sold 
out experienced by many stores. Stockpiling driven by panic 
or information uncertainty may harm consumers’ physical 
and psychological well-beings amid the pandemic. While 
disadvantageous consumers may lose their fair opportunities 
of accessing essential commodities due to other consumers’ 
stockpiling behavior. This generates negative impact on social 
welfare. On the demand side consumers in making purchase 
decisions may have both non-cooperative and self-interested 
behavior (such as over stocking) mixed with some pro-social 
and cooperative acts (such as reducing purchase for others). 
On the supply side, in addition to inventory management 
stores are facing the challenges of disseminating information 
about product availabilities in order to help reduce consumer 
overstocking. This paper builds a stylized theoretical model 
to examine how consumers make purchase decisions 
bearing different levels of fairness concern regarding the 
impact of their stockpiling behavior on other buyers. We 
also study retailers’ information disclosure strategies facing 
consumers whose shopping behaviour demonstrate more 
(or less) of individualism versus collectivism. Our analyses 
identify conditions under which it is optimal for a store to 
inform consumers of the product inventory level. Facing 
the uncertainty of product availability in future periods, a 
consumers’ overstocking decision is found to be driven by the 
perceived store inventory, the stocking cost, the value of extra 
units in future consumption, as well as degrees of fairness 
concern in consumption utility. Findings from this research 
will provide important guidance for government and business 
organization to develop effective policies and communication 
strategies that help combat misinformation, reduce the 
propensity of overstocking and food waste when the society 
is facing and adapting to a highly disruptive and long lasting 
event such as the COVID pandemic.
TD03
Virtual Room 03
Influencer Marketing IV
Special Sessions
Chair: Andreas Lanz
HEC Paris, Paris, France
Co-Chair: Isabelle Engeler
ESADE Business School, Barcelona, Spain
1 - Theorizing the Influencer Industrial Complex
Gillian Brooks, King’s Business School, London, 
United Kingdom
The marketing industry has seen a shift in how consumers 
discover new products. The rise of social media influencers 
has fundamentally changed the consumer decision journey 
and marketers are struggling to find their place in this 
evolving landscape (Childers, Lemon & Hoy 2019). The 
influencer marketing industry is projected to be worth $26.4 
billion by 2025 (Mansour 2020) and has given rise to new 
pathways for everyday individuals to accrue media attention, 
which can be translated into promotional endeavours (Brooks, 
Drenten and Piskorski 2021). The rise of influencer marketing 
has gained recognition in various academic literatures, 
which had previously focused on opinion leaders and market 
mavens (Goldenberg, Lehmann, Shidlovski & Barak 2006; 
Lazarsfeld, Berelson and Gaudet 1944), influence through 
celebrity endorsements (Dwivedi, McDonald and Johnson 
2014) influence through word-of-mouth marketing (Chae, 
Stephen, Bart and Yao 2015; Hughes, Swaminathan and 
Brooks 2019) or testimonials in advertising (Martin, Wentzel 
and Tomczak 2008). Recently, scholars have developed a more 
robust understanding of who these online influencers are 
(Brooks, Drenten and Piskorski 2021; De Vierman, Cauberghe 
and Hudders 2017) but minimal research has examined this 
precarious system. Our study seeks to provide a systematic 
review of what we have termed the Influencer Industrial 
Complex - the evolving infrastructure and the key players that 
have created this unique space. We ask specifically: how has 
this industry evolved into a multi-level marketing scheme, and 
who are the key players that structure it?
2 - Luxury Content Becomes Viral on Social 
Media: The Positive Role of Disfluency
Zitian Qiu, PhD Student, HEC Lausanne, Lausanne, 
Switzerland
Felicitas Morhart
Luxury brands nowadays create social media content that 
they hope their audiences will share to increase brand 
awareness. Existing studies suggest that firms should create 
fluent content (e.g., using shorter sentences and simpler 
vocabularies) to ensure content virality, but we propose 
this strategy does not fit luxury brands. By analyzing 3,695 
Facebook posts published by luxury and mainstream 
brands from different product sectors during 2017-2019, 
we find that disfluent content using longer sentences and 
more infrequently used vocabularies, if published by luxury 
(mainstream) brands, receives more (less) shares. We believe 
the psychological mechanism behind this effect is that 
disfluent (vs. fluent) content is perceived more psychologically 
distant, and hence better satisfies luxury audiences’ status 
desires for differentiating themselves from the masses.
3 - Be Careful What You Look for: Biased Brand 
Portrayal in Social Media
Julia Rosada, University of Hamburg, Hamburg, Germany
Jochen Hartmann, Jasper Schwenzow, Mark Heitmann
User attention in social media has long shifted from text to 
images. These images often contain brand logos in various 
intended but also unintended contexts. The amount of such 
brand imagery continues to proliferate, making it challenging 
for marketing research and practice to keep track of how 
brands appear online. The most intuitive approach is to 
search brand hashtags (e.g., #heineken) and study all related 
images. However, less than 20% of branded user-generated 
content contains a brand hashtag, leaving the remaining 
80% unconsidered. To investigate a potential bias, we use 
deep convolutional neural networks for image classification 
and object detection and analyze more than 200,000 brand 
image posts with and without hashtags, originating from 
Twitter, covering more than 150 brands. We find that users 
are more likely to add hashtags to images with bigger and 
more central logos as well as to those with higher quality 
image characteristics (e.g., saturation, brightness). Conversely, 
objects on the image that compete with brand visibility result 
in fewer hashtags. These differences have consequences 
in terms of viewer response. Specifically, a lab experiment 
suggests that the types of images consumers typically tag 
obtain higher purchase-intention ratings compared to the 
types of images that remain untagged. We also find that 
brands have differential hashtag potential such that brands 
with higher levels of user interest feature a higher share 
of hashtag images. We discuss the relevance of scalable 
logo detection to remedy the resulting biases of social 
media data collection.
4 - From Mix-and-match to Head-to-toe: How 
Brand Combinations Affect Observer Trust
Isabelle Engeler, IESE Business School, Barcelona, Spain
Kate Barasz
Consumers use brands in many combinations, from mixing-
and-matching multiple brands (e.g., Nike shoes, Puma shirt, 
and Asics shorts) to using products primarily or solely from 
one brand (e.g., Nike shoes, shirt, and shorts). This work 
explores how such combinations affect observers’ trust in 
another consumer’s recommendations. Comparing two 
combination types—mixed-brand combinations (where 
all/most branded products are from different brands) and 
dominant-brand combinations (where all/most branded 
products are from the same brand)—nine studies establish 
that observers tend to have less trust in recommendations 
from those who use dominant-brand combinations (studies 
1A-1C). This is driven by inferences about how the products 
were chosen: observers believe others who use dominant-
brand combinations placed relatively greater importance 
on the brand— a feature that often serves as a mental 
shortcut for choices—and therefore infer these consumers 
made quicker, less thoughtful decisions (studies 2A and 
2B). While the effect diminishes when observers hold 
particularly favorable attitudes toward the focal brand (study 
3), it can alter observers’ own downstream behaviors (e.g., 
social media following intentions, information seeking, 
and recommendation taking; studies 4A-4C). Together, the 
findings confirm that brand combinations elicit responses 
distinct from single brands, offering fruitful avenues 
for future research.
TD04
Virtual Room 04
Sales Force Management and B2B II
Contributed Sessions
Chair: James Reeder
Purdue University - Krannert School of Management, 
West Lafayette, IN
1 - Why Are Revenue Contracts So Ubiquitous?
Kissan Joseph, University of Kansas, Lawrence, KS
Murali Mantrala, Paul Parker, Alex Thevaranjan
Sales organizations seek margins but often reward revenue. 
This disconnect is puzzling and has not escaped commentary. 
Accordingly, in this research, we ask: what metric should 
compensation contracts be based on: margins, revenue, or 
separate commissions for price and quantity? We develop 
a two-effort model where the first effort (quality) helps the 
salesperson garner a high price whereas the second effort 
(quantity) drives the number of customer transactions. We 
obtain three key results. First, when the salesperson does 
not control price, margin contracts are equivalent to revenue 
contracts in terms of efforts and profits. Second, we offer 
a conditional insight. In high value-added consultative 
environments, firms concerned about the adverse impact of 
negotiations may actually prefer revenue contracts because 
the fractional profit degradation of revenue contracts could 
well be lower than the fractional loss from negotiations. In 
contrast, firms concerned about the fixed cost of collecting 
margin information may prefer margin contracts because 
the absolute profit degradation of revenue contracts could 
likely exceed this fixed cost. Finally, we demonstrate that 
separate commissions on price and quantity perform 
substantially worse than either a margin contract or a revenue 
contract. Even though its ability to precisely control each 
effort might, at first blush, seem to be an ideal theoretical 
solution, the choices of the salesperson here with respect 
to price and quantity are too far removed from the margin 
optimization desired by the firm. We believe this last finding 
parallels the double marginalization finding reported in 
the channel literature.
2 - Business-to-business Sales Opportunity 
Management: A Framework, Evidence and 
Application
Muzeeb Shaik, PhD Student, Texas A&M University - 
College Station, College Station, TX
Shrihari (Hari) Sridhar, Vikas Mittal
To meet sales targets with finite resources, business-to-
business (B2B) sellers need to prioritize promising sales 
opportunities from a large pipeline of possibilities. Extant 
evidence in theory and practice suggests that B2B sellers 
use arbitrary or gut-based decision rules to prioritize sales 
opportunities, which leads to sub-optimal sales opportunity 
management. We draw from the relationship management 
and organizational buying literature to build a conceptual 
framework relating buyer-class typology (e.g., new bid 
vs. modified rebid), and opportunity characteristics (e.g., 
opportunity size) to a seller’s decision to bid, and the bid 
outcome. We test the framework using archival data from 
a major B2B on-site services provider. The data span sales 
outcomes (did not bid, bid and won, bid and lost) for 4,564 
sales opportunities, spanning 10 years, and 23 countries. 
Model-free evidence indicates an ongoing tension in sales 
pursuit: while the best projects to bid on are ones with the 
best buy-class typology (e.g., straight rebid) and lowest risk 
(e.g., small opportunity size), such opportunities are not 
enough to grow the sales in each region. Accordingly, we 
first develop an ensemble machine learning framework to 
predict the focal seller’s propensity to win the opportunity, 
as a function of complex non-linear interplay among the 
sales opportunity characteristics. Subsequently, we build 
a combinatorial approach that allows a company to take 
the right level of risk (i.e., some new bids, some large 
opportunities) so that each region can maximize its sales 
potential given finite capacity. We demonstrate that using the 
ensemble approach enables the focal company to improve 
its predictive validity over simple models by 11.09% and sales 
potential by 14.18%, with the same set of resources.
3 - Digitizing High-touch Interactions: The 
Divided Efficacy in Personal Selling
James Reeder, Purdue University - Krannert School of 
Management, West Lafayette, IN
, Mohammad Saifur Rahman
We study how digitization affects the efficacy of high-touch 
interactions, specifically by looking at the relative value of in-
person versus virtual interactions (e.g., WebEx, Facetime). In a 
direct sales context, our empirical strategy exploits a pseudo-
random experiment performed on 14,897 clients overseen 
by agents of a large medical device firm. A subset of agents 
switched from entirely using in-person visits (IPV) to a mix of 
remote visits (RV) and IPV. By studying the contemporaneous 
and spillover effects of RV and IPV, we find that, on average, 
IPV represents more than double the value of RV. However, 
in tech-savvy regions, the gap between the effectiveness of 
an IPV versus an RV reduces significantly. Further, smaller 
clients are less responsive to RV compared to larger clients, 
indicating a digital divide based on client size. Last, by 
studying the dynamic effects of RV and IPV, we find that a 
pulsing strategy drives the value of IPV even higher if used in 
conjunction with RV.
TD05
Virtual Room 05
Consumer Choice: Evidence from Experiments 
and Natural Experiments
Special Sessions
Chair: Georgios Zervas
Boston University School of Management, 
Brookline, MA
Co-Chair: Pinar Yildirim
University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA
Co-Chair: Yufeng Huang
University of Rochester, Rochester, NY, 14627-0001, 
Co-Chair: Kosuke Uetake
Yale School of Management, New Haven, CT
1 - The Causal Effect of Recommender Systems 
vs. Best-Seller Lists: Evidence From 
an A/B Test
Shrabastee Banerjee, Tilburg University, Tilburg, 
Netherlands
George Knox
In a world of many alternatives, consumers turn to 
recommender systems (RS) to discover products that match 
well with their preferences and sellers devote substantial 
resources into developing them. Yet the causal effect of RS 
on demand and other outcomes of interest remain hard to 
study. In this project, we use data from an A/B test conducted 
by a large e-commerce firm in the Netherlands, which 
experimented with an item-to-item collaborative filtering 
RS, relative to a control condition that used a bestseller list. 
We use the A/B test as an instrument to identify the effect 
of clicking on a recommendation on sales, as well as several 
intermediate steps in the customer journey: products viewed 
and put in basket. We see no overall effect of the RS on 
total revenue or purchases, but find a substitution effect: the 
fraction of purchases that directly result from a RS click or view 
is higher than that from a best-seller click or view. We also find 
that the RS drives consumers to view more products within 
a given session, but leads to less across-session diversity 
in viewed assortments. Taken together, our results have 
implications for the design and deployment of recommender 
systems on e-commerce websites.
2 - The Causal Effect of Attention and 
Recognition on the Nature of User-Generated 
Content: Experimental Results from an Image-
Sharing Social Network
Justin T Huang, University of Michigan Ross School of 
Business, Ann Arbor, MI
Rupali Kaul, Sridhar Narayanan
Social networks rely on the sharing of content that is 
engaging to their users. Since continued generation of 
user-generated content is critical to their success, they have 
created a variety of tools motivate their creators to create 
and share new content, to facilitate discovery of new content 
by their users, and to provide attention and recognition to 
the best content shared by their creators. Such attention and 
recognition have been shown in past research to increase 
the volume of content shared on the networks. But how do 
these affect the nature of content created and shared on their 
platforms? Do they cause creators to share content similar 
to the ones that received attention and recognition? Or do 
creators take risks and create content different from the 
ones that received attention and recognition? These are the 
questions we ask in this paper. Our empirical context is an 
image-sharing social network, where creators share various 
types of digital art and photographs. We leverage exogenous 
variation in attention and recognition given to specific pieces 
of a content, induced through a randomized controlled 
experiment. We employ a machine learning algorithm to 
convert images into a set of lower-level features, using a 
transfer learning approach to train this algorithm. Our main 
findings are that creators create content different from the 
ones that received attention and recognition, and that this is 
robust to a variety of ways in which we classify image content. 
Our results illustrate the importance of tools meant to create 
attention and recognition to the creation and sharing of 
diverse content by the creators on social networks.
3 - Identifying State Dependence in Brand 
Choice: Evidence from Hurricanes
Julia Levine, UCLA Anderson School of Management, Los 
Angeles, CA
Stephan Seiler
We analyze structural state dependence in brand choice 
using variation from brand switching during stock-outs caused 
by hurricanes. We derive a simple test for structural state 
dependence based on the time-series of choice persistence 
for households affected by the stock-outs that requires fewer 
assumptions than most previous work. Using data from the 
bottled water category, we show that demand increases 
substantially around hurricane events and causes households 
to purchase different brands. We find that purchase behavior 
reverts back to its pre-hurricane trajectory immediately after 
the hurricane and we are not able to reject the null hypothesis 
of no structural state dependence. We show that our results 
are not driven by unusual purchases during the hurricane or 
context-specific purchase behavior.
4 - Addiction and Alcohol Tax: Evidence from 
Japanese Beer Industry
Kosuke Uetake, Yale School of Management, 
New Haven, CT
Masakazu Ishihara, Makoto Mizuno, Kohei Hayashida
We study the effects of taxation and regulation on addictive 
alcohol consumption. Exploiting the changes in tax policies 
and sales regulation in the Japanese beer market, we 
examine how consumers react to the policy changes by 
adjusting their alcohol consumption and by substituting 
to different categories with different alcohol content. We 
first show some descriptive evidence that consumers (i) 
are addictive to alcohol, (ii) are responsive to tax policies 
and regulation, and (iii) substitute to cheaper categories 
in response to policy changes. These findings lead us to 
estimate a dynamic structural model of alcohol purchase and 
consumption where consumers choose both categories and 
amount. Also, multiple policy changes allow us to identify 
the consumer’s time-inconsistent preference in addition to 
preference for addiction to alcohol. Using the estimated 
model, we examine alternative alcohol policy designs.
TD06
Virtual Room 06
Big Data, Machine Learning, and Causal Inference
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Daniel Chen
The Wharton School, Philadelphia, PA
1 - Machine Learning and Prediction Errors in 
Causal Inference
Daniel Chen, The Wharton School, Philadelphia, PA
Gad Allon, Zhenling Jiang, Dennis Zhang
Machine learning is a growing method for causal inference. In 
machine learning settings, prediction errors are a commonly 
overlooked problem that can bias results and lead to 
arbitrarily incorrect parameter estimates. We consider a two-
stage model where (1) machine learning is used to predict 
variables of interest, and (2) these predictions are used in a 
regression model for causal inference. Even when the model 
specification is otherwise correct, traditional metrics such 
as p-values and first-stage model accuracy are not good 
signals of correct second-stage estimates when prediction 
error exists. We show that these problems are substantial 
and persist across simulations and an empirical dataset. We 
propose general sample-based methods to identify when 
prediction errors are significantly biasing estimates and 
provide consistent corrections for the case where unbiased 
training data is available for the machine learning dataset.
2 - The Role of Live in Livestreaming Markets: 
Evidence using Orthogonal Random Forest
Ziwei Cong, Hong Kong University of Science and 
Technology, Hong Kong, China
Jia Liu, Puneet Manchanda
A common belief about the growing medium of livestreaming 
is that its value lies in its live component. We study this belief 
by comparing how price elasticity of demand for live events 
varies before, on the day of, and after livestream. We take 
advantages of our unique access to rich datasets from a large 
livestreaming platform that allows consumers purchase the 
recorded version of livestream after the stream is over. Due 
to the presence of high-dimensional confounders whose 
relationships with treatment policy (i.e., price) and outcome 
of interests (i.e., demand) are complex and partially known 
in a panel data setting, we adopt a generalized Orthogonal 
Random Forest framework for heterogeneous treatment 
effect estimation. We find significant temporal dynamics in 
price elasticity of demand over the entire event life-cycle. 
Specifically, demand becomes less price sensitive over time 
to livestreaming day and is inelastic on that day. Over the 
post-livestream period, demand for recorded version is still 
sensitive to price, but is much less than pre-livestream period. 
We further provide evidence for the mechanisms driving 
our research findings: consumers value the opportunity 
of real-time interaction with content creators, and also 
consumers face with different levels of quality concerns 
over event life-cycle.
TD07
Virtual Room 07
Causal Machine Learning
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Tawei Huang
PhD Student, Harvard Business School, Boston, MA
1 - Empirical Analysis on Household Food Carbon 
Footprint using Homescan Data
Lu Yan, Purdue University, West Lafayette, IN 
Ting Zhu, Li Song
Global warming can be overwhelming, and shopping choices 
in day-to-day life can intensify or lessen the household’s 
impact on the environment. What to eat and where to 
purchase food influence the household food carbon footprint 
together. We examine whether and why shopping at the 
warehouse club stores affects household food carbon 
footprint. Using the process-based Life Cycle Assessment 
(LCA) model and Nielsen Consumer Panel data, we calculate 
the household food carbon footprint and measure the effect 
from shopping at the club stores on household carbon life. 
To address the self-selection concern into the club store 
shopping treatment, we implement a robust latent-factor 
approach, generalized synthetic control (GSC), to synthetically 
impute counterfactuals for treated units. Generalized 
synthetic control (GSC) unifies the synthetic control and 
interactive fixed effects model that incorporates unit-specific 
intercepts interacted with time-varying coefficients. We find 
that the average treatment effect on the treated units is 
significantly positive: household per capita produces 6.65% 
more on food carbon emissions each quarter after starting 
to shop at the club stores. Next, we will investigate why 
shopping at the club stores increases the household food 
carbon footprint. If the specific characteristics of the club 
stores, like lower prices, larger package sizes, and different 
assortment, are main drivers for the club store carbon effect? 
Further, we will explore whether the club store carbon effect is 
heterogeneous across different households.
2 - Extending Double Machine Learning: 
Graphical Causal Models in Marketing
Sriniketh Vijayaraghavan, PhD Candidate, Wisconsin 
School of Business, Madison, WI
Neeraj Arora
Double Machine Learning (DML) has shown that we can get 
causal effects from observational data using plug-in machine 
learning methods. While this provides a significant leap in 
causal estimation, DML is valid only when we have conditional 
ignorability (or unconfoundedness). DML fails if there are 
any hidden confounds in the data generating process; this 
drawback of DML prevents its widespread application in 
empirical research. In this paper, we develop a novel machine 
learning estimator that can recover causal effects consistently 
in the presence of hidden confounds. We do this by using 
Graphical Causal Models (GCM)—where we describe our 
data generating process as a directed acyclic graph—to 
identify the causal effects. Nonparametric identification 
of causal effects is much easier, and more scalable, using 
GCM than the potential outcomes framework. We use the 
efficient influence function for these identified causal effects 
to construct a machine learning estimator and call this 
estimator, ‘GraphDML’. Most marketing problems deal with 
endogeneity arising from unobserved confounds that bias the 
causal effects. Our method can incorporate these unobserved 
confounds into the data generating process and still recover 
consistent estimates. We then apply GraphDML to estimate 
the causal effect of email campaigns on conversions in a B2B 
setting that contains several hidden interactions that are 
unobserved to the researcher.
3 - Less is More: When Short-term Signals are 
More Valuable than Long-term Outcomes 
in Targeting
Tawei Huang, PhD Student, Harvard Business School, 
Boston, MA
, Eva Ascarza
Firms target customers with the best response toward a 
marketing action to maximize its effectiveness or ROI. Doing 
so requires firms to identify differences in customer sensitivity, 
estimates that they often obtain using uplift / heterogeneous 
response models. While those methods have been proven 
effective in several marketing contexts, little is known about 
their performance when firms estimate the sensitivity of a 
long-term outcome. In theory, the observation window should 
not alter the way firms optimize their resource allocation - i.e., 
to maximize customer values in the long run, they should 
target based on long-term treatment effects. However, long-
term measures accumulate random behaviors over time. 
These noises can cause systematic bias even when common 
causal assumptions hold.
We show two distinct estimation biases arise when estimating 
long-term treatment effects on repeated purchase measures. 
First, uplift models often misattribute random purchase 
behaviors to the intervention and observed covariates, 
leading to the collider bias for customers with unexpectedly 
high (or low) purchase counts. Besides, typical outcome 
regressions without considering latent customer churn are 
more prone to overfit random noises in churn and purchase 
processes. The prediction errors of outcome models can 
cause systematic bias for AIPW or doubly robust estimators. 
As a result, targeting customers based on predicted long-
term lifts results in suboptimal policies.Building upon 
literature in statistical surrogacy and buy-till-you-die models, 
we propose an imputation approach that overcomes these 
biases and enables firms to improve targeting performance 
in the long run. Our solution only uses short-term signals 
with less noise, captures the carry-over effect of short-term 
behavior change, and overcomes the overfitting problem 
by separating the churn and purchase processes. Using 
simulation and a real-world coupon experiment, we show that 
our approach can significantly reduce the estimation bias and 
improve the long-run targeting profit by ~20%.
TD08
Virtual Room 08
Brand Extensions and Risk Management
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Paul R Messinger
University of Alberta, Edmonton, AB, Canada
1 - Brand Extension Fit and Tourist Inspiration: 
The Moderation Effects of Brand Familiarity 
and Implicit Beliefs
Tsunwai Wesley Yuen, Assistant Professor of Marketing, 
Royal Holloway, University of London, London, 
United Kingdom
Yu-Lun Liu
Brand extension (BE) refers to the use of an established 
brand name to introduce products to a new product 
category. This strategy has been employed by multinational 
brands to attract tourists when they travel to an unfamiliar 
destination. The existing literature predominantly indicates 
that a higher taxonomic and thematic fit between the parent 
brand’s and BE’s product category can affect the BE success. 
Taxonomic fit refers to the BE being introduced within the 
same membership of a common product category whereas 
thematic fit is about the BE providing different functional 
usage in the same consumption scenario. However, a high 
fit BE does not guarantee success in the tourism industry. 
For example, EasyJet has withdrawn its EasyCar extension, 
a car rental service, albeit having a high taxonomic fit. This 
may be due to the BE being unable to create the inspiration 
feeling that tourists seek during their travel. Adopting the 
dual-processing and consumer inspiration models, the current 
research investigates how a taxonomic fit and thematic fit 
affect tourist inspiration and subsequently their BE adoption 
intention. A scenario-based experiment (457 US participants) 
revealed that tourists’ adoption of a BE product is determined 
by discovering their inspired feelings about the level of 
BE fit (high/low Taxonomic*Thematic). The combination 
of a low taxonomic and high thematic fit BE can elicit the 
highest tourist inspiration, which leads to the BE adoption 
intention. Such an effect can be positively moderated by a 
high familiarity with the parent brand. Moreover, the implicit 
belief, particularly entity (rather than incremental) belief, can 
positively strengthen the effect further. The findings advance 
the literature by uncovering the new role of tourist inspiration 
on BE in tourism marketing.
2 - Managing and Mitigating Sociopolitical Firm 
Risk Events
Chen Jing, Doctoral Candidate, Boston University, 
Boston, MA
, Dokyun Lee Jx Shuba Srinivasan, Susan Fournier
Firms are increasingly concerned with mitigating the negative 
effects of risk events, with a focus on maximizing positive 
outcomes for profits, firm stakeholder relationships, and firm 
value. Risk management becomes especially salient when the 
company’s brand connects to trending sociopolitical issues 
through campaigns intended to garner cultural resonance 
or through unanticipated consumer activism. Firms with the 
best intentions can clash with social norms and expectations, 
resulting in harmful risk outcomes. This research provides 
marketers with a deeper understanding of the impact of 
sociopolitical firm risk events and offers guidance regarding 
strategies to mitigate their negative consequences. First, the 
authors build machine learning models by leveraging the 
Natural Language Processing (NLP) method BERT to label 
and extract public opinion for sociopolitical firm risk events. 
Then, the authors use synthetic control method to examine 
the impact of sociopolitical firm risk events and different 
company mitigating strategies on three outcomes: (1) 
sentiment of public opinion relating to sociopolitical firm risk 
events; (2) sentiment of public opinion for the focal firm; and 
(3) firm value, as measured by stock performance.
3 - Dimensions of Brand-extension Fit
Paul R Messinger, University of Alberta, Edmonton, 
AB, Canada
Qian (Claire) Deng
A sizable research stream in marketing finds that a strong 
fit between a brand extension product and its parent brand 
encourages positive consumer responses. Yet this large body 
of literature fails to provide managers with specific practical 
guidance about how to create brand-extension fit for optimal 
results. The problem is a lack of understanding of what 
brand-extension fit really is, and there has been little work 
to address this issue by synthesizing the key dimensions of 
brand-extension fit. The current article addresses this gap by 
identifying the key constituent dimensions of brand-extension 
fit. This is an important topic because brand extensions are 
essential for business renewal and growth.
We identify six dimensions of brand-extension fit: feature-
based, function-based, resource-based, usage-occasion-
based, market-based, and image-based fit. Each dimension 
addresses a different aspect of brand-extension fit and 
suggests ways for brand managers to create brand-extension 
fit. Less expected is that studies that use a strict subset 
of these dimensions overweight those fit dimensions that 
are included, and the associated estimated coefficients 
are biased. From a managerial perspective, counterfactual 
analysis also shows that reliance on a strict subset of these 
dimensions results in suboptimal decisions.
TD09
Virtual Room 09
Online Advertising
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Nils Wernerfelt
META, Menlo Park, CA
1 - Closing the TV Advertising Loop with Web 
Browsing Data
Leen De Schaepdrijver, Vlerick Business School, 
Ghent, Belgium
, Philippe Baecke, Koen Tackx
Lagging behind in measurement capabilities, TV is pushing 
data-focused marketers away and into the arms of digital 
advertising giants such as Facebook and Google, that are 
often being favored due to direct accountability in terms of 
cost per click. This paper investigates whether web browsing 
data can be used to close the TV advertising loop, by linking 
household TV ad exposure to individual online response. 
Our study allows to move from an aggregated approach per 
(pre/post) time window, as is the current practice in literature, 
to an individual link between TV ad exposure and online 
response. We created a unique dataset by merging 3 months 
of household level TV viewing data from 1885 customers of 
a European telecommunications company with measures 
on advertisement content and web browsing data on an 
individual level. The dataset spans over 300 TV commercials 
by 118 brands. By using a matching approach, we are able 
to compare the browsing behavior of people that were 
exposed to an advertisement to that of people who were 
not. We use a generalized linear mixed model to investigate 
TV advertising effectiveness. The initial findings indicate that 
television advertising does influence online visits and that 
this effect diminishes over time. Moreover, TV advertising 
seems to have a stronger effect on web visits during daytime, 
while advertising during the weekend has a negative effect. 
TV advertising content seems to play an important role, 
with action-focused content having a positive effect on web 
visits and information-focused content having a negative 
effect. The preliminary results suggest that advertising 
copy and media placement characteristics such as time of 
advertising affect online response, making them especially 
relevant for campaigns that focus on the consideration 
and conversion stage.
2 - Top Performing Brands in Grocery Used Full-
funnel Advertising in 2020
Kapil Goya, Amazon, New York, NY
Luba Smolensky, Cameron Smith
Since the first quarter of 2020, advertisers have experienced 
important changes in demand for their products. Inmar polled 
over 300 US grocery consumers and found that 78.7% of them 
purchased groceries online and 51.4% reported buying 4 
groceries from Amazon, an increase of +32% vs. the previous 
year. Grocery advertisers wish to understand the impact 
of changes in the behavior of grocery shoppers on sales. 
They also seek to understand how top performing grocery 
brands have adjusted their advertising plans to respond to 
these market changes. They want to know this to improve 
their advertising decision making and achieve superior 
performance. This analysis compares actual sales in 2020 
to sales predicted by using an econometric model. It also 
examines the relationship between advertising investment 
and sales performance and identifies the changes in 
advertising investments made by top vs. bottom performing 
grocery brands. Results show that top performing brands in 
the grocery category invested more than bottom performing 
brands overall,and increased their investment in Amazon 
full-funnel advertising. Based on these results, we recommend 
that advertisers consider using Amazon full-funnel advertising, 
and, especially, consider increasing upper funnel investment 
to help shoppers find their brands.
3 - Subscription Revenue and Media Content: 
Evidence rom Youtube
Heyu Xiong, Weatherhead School of Management, Case 
Western Reserve University, Cleveland, OH
Aniket Panjwani
A striking trend in the media industry in recent years has been 
the rise and re-emergence of subscription-based revenue 
models. Our paper addresses two main questions. First, which 
creators select into subscription-based business models? 
Second, what is the causal effect of increased subscription 
dependence on media content? To answer both questions, 
we exploit institutional features of YouTube in conjunction 
with a natural experiment on Patreon, a platform which allows 
YouTubers to solicit recurring payments directly from their 
viewers. First, we show that more successful Youtubers were 
more likely to become early adopters of Patreon. Second to 
identify the causal effect of subscription revenue, we utilize 
the 2015 cyberattack on Patreon as an exogenous shock 
that drove donors away from the platform and decreased 
subscription revenue to Youtubers on the platform. We 
find that this reduction in subscription-earnings leads to a 
significant increase in the quantity of advertising embedded 
in media content. While this ‘’see-saw’’ relationship between 
subscription and advertising revenue is not surprising, we 
further show that Youtubers are very strategic in how they 
include advertising. Specifically, the increase in advertising 
was concentrated in types of advertising that is not easily 
discernible by their viewers. In contrast, there was no change 
in less covert forms of advertising on the platform. Altogether, 
our results suggest that media creators strategically utilize 
native-advertising to lessen the nuisance cost of advertising 
and avoid full losses in perceived programming quality.
4 - Estimating the Value of Third Party Data to 
Advertisers
Nils Wernerfelt, Meta, Menlo Park, CA
A central debate in digital marketing today focuses on the 
role of third-party data in advertising. Privacy advocates 
tend to push for greater restriction around such data 
usage to support consumer protection. At the same 
time, advertisers view the marginal benefit of this data as 
extremely high for optimizing and targeting ad delivery. 
While comparatively more work has been done on the former, 
there is relatively scant evidence on the latter, a key input to 
designing optimal policy.
The goal of this paper is to shed light on this question via a 
large-scale experiment with over one million advertisers on 
Facebook. The experiment utilizes a 3x2 design. First, we take 
live campaigns that use third-party data and randomly assign 
a small portion of users to a control group that is not eligible 
to be exposed to the relevant ads. This lift measurement 
component allows us to estimate the incremental impact on 
purchases and new customers of current business-as-usual 
advertising that utilizes third-party data.Second, we modify 
an additional small fraction of traffic to reflect two main ways 
that delivery may be affected by a loss of third-party data: 
(i) via loss of inputs for optimization algorithms and (ii) via 
limiting the ability to form look-a-like audiences for targeting 
purposes. As with the business-as-usual advertising, we use 
control groups to measure the incremental impact of these 
two alternative forms of ad delivery. Comparing across the 
arms allows us to derive a first-order estimate of the change in 
incremental impact of advertising under a loss of third-party 
data for a large, representative population of advertisers. 
We discuss both main effects and heterogeneity, as well as 
possible policy implications.
TD10
Virtual Room 10
Financial Regulation and Taxation
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Scott Shriver
Leeds School of Business, Boulder, CO
1 - Consequences of Taxing the Online 
Advertising Industry
Lennart Kraft, Goethe University, Frankfurt, German 
Regulations such as privacy laws increasing consumer 
privacy have pressured targeted advertising. Recently, 
regulators worldwide have been intensifying taxation of the 
online advertising industry, further increasing this pressure. 
However, the consequences of such taxes remain largely 
unknown. This study aims to provide insights into these 
consequences by examining how different data taxes impact 
publisher and advertiser profits of targeting, regulator’s 
tax revenue, deadweight loss, and consumer privacy. The 
empirical study builds upon 999 ad campaigns covering 
6,761,507 ad impressions and finds that an advertiser-paid 
data tax outperforms a publisher-paid data tax in five out 
of six relevant trade-offs. More specifically, it creates higher 
tax revenue and higher or equal consumer privacy for the 
same decrease in publisher and advertiser profits and the 
same deadweight loss. Yet, recent intensifications of taxing 
the online advertising industry build mainly upon taxes 
resembling publisher-paid data taxes. Hence, the study 
suggests that regulators could improve the taxes’ impact 
if they implement advertiser-paid data taxes instead. For 
example, a publisher-paid data tax of 3% on targeted 
advertising revenue yields a 2.5 times higher deadweight 
loss than an advertiser-paid data tax. The study concludes 
with implications of data taxes for publishers, advertisers, 
consumers, and regulators.
2 - How Does a Standard to Implement Privacy 
Regulations Affect Tracked Web Traffic? 
Evidence from IAB’s Transparency and 
Consent Framework
Yuxi Jin, Goethe University Frankfurt, Frankfurt, Germany
Bernd Skiera
Under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), firms 
in the online advertising industry need to get tracked web 
traffic while fulfilling the legal obligations. Nevertheless, 
flexible requirements and heterogeneous interpretations 
make regulatory compliance difficult and costly. Many 
firms have participated in IAB’s Transparency and Consent 
Framework (TCF), the most prominent industry standard to 
help implement privacy regulations. Yet, it is unclear how 
TCF participation affects the tracked web traffic of ad-tech 
vendors and publishers (websites) in terms of quantity and 
quality. The analysis of panel data covering 30 months with 
1,242 vendors and 6,758 publishers yields that the TCF 
participation decreases tracked web traffic for vendors by 
8.42% (page loads) but not for publishers. Such decrease, 
if any, reflects that fewer data are collected from users, 
evidence of enhanced privacy protection. Compared to 
publishers, the relative negative impact on vendors is likely 
explained by their passive role in getting user consent. We 
identify that vendors face a quantity-quality trade-off when 
deciding on TCF participation while publishers do not. 
Specifically, vendors receive the same number of requests 
per page load as before, but the share of requests with 
tracking increases by 40.78%, incurring an overall rise of 
28.92% tracked requests that gain vendors higher profit than 
the non-tracked ones. Publishers get fewer requests (10.86%) 
with a stable share of tracked requests. Moreover, the TCF 
changes the bipartite network of vendors and publishers, 
which explains the heterogeneous outcomes. Conducting 
an event study, we find that TCF vendors are more likely to 
work with safer publishers that receive requests less likely to 
be blocked by browser extensions over time. Our findings 
are generalizable to the increasing number of privacy laws 
worldwide. The results also recognize the efficiency brought 
by a standard when implementing cross-regional policies with 
flexible requirements.
3 - Privacy and Market Concentration: Intended 
and Unintended Consequences of the GDPR
Scott Shriver, Leeds School of Business, Boulder, CO
We show that websites’ vendor use falls after the European 
Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), but 
that market concentration also increases among technology 
vendors that provide support services to websites. We collect 
panel data on the web technology vendors selected by more 
than 27,000 top websites internationally. The week after the 
GDPR’s enforcement, website use of web technology vendors 
falls by 15% for EU residents. Websites are more likely to drop 
smaller vendors, which increases the relative concentration 
of the vendor market by 17%. Increased concentration 
predominantly arises among vendors that use personal data 
such as cookies, and from the increased relative shares of 
Facebook and Google-owned vendors, but not from website 
consent requests. Though the aggregate changes in vendor 
use and vendor concentration dissipate by the end of 2018, 
we find that the GDPR impact persists in the advertising 
vendor category most scrutinized by regulators. Our findings 
shed light on potential explanations for the sudden drop and 
subsequent rebound in vendor usage.
TD11
Virtual Room 11
COVID-19 Impact on Health and Education
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Angela Yi
Virginia Tech, Blacksburg, VA
1 - School Closures on Customer Acquisition in 
E-learning
Karthik Kannan, Assistant Professor, Southern Methodist 
University, Dallas, TX
Wayne Taylor
We explore the how COVID-19 related public school closures 
and subsequent online learning usage, influenced adoption 
of complementary online learning resources. Using data 
from a national firm specializing in test preparation for 
gifted students, we seek to understand whether COVID-19 
affected usage and more importantly how this change varied 
by socioeconomic factors, inferred by customer zip code. 
This has important implications for both marketers and at 
the policy level. Marketers from e-learning firms may be 
interested in understanding the extent to which COVID-19 
and its impact on in-person public schooling cannibalized or 
inspired usage in other e-learning resources, both in terms 
of baseline adoption and revenue generation. At a broader 
policy level, we hope this research sheds light as to whether 
obtaining comfort with online learning tools has been a 
barrier to accessing other, potentially helpful, online learning 
resources for a variety of socioeconomic groups.
2 - Heterogeneity in Patient Adoption and Usage 
of Telehealth During the COVID-19 Pandemic
Weijia (Daisy) Dai, Purdue University, West Lafayette, IN
Siyun Lv, Qiang Liu, Yong Cai
Telehealth visits increased rapidly at the start of the COVID-19 
outbreak as healthcare providers across the US rushed to 
enable telehealth services to limit virus exposure. Telehealth 
played a critical role in the continuation of care for the most 
vulnerable patients during the COVID-19 pandemic. However, 
the adoption of telehealth in preventing care disruption 
varied widely across different providers and demographic 
groups. Furthermore, telehealth utilization dropped sharply 
when pandemic pressure eased despite its wide accessibility 
spurred by hospital adoptions. In this paper, we estimate how 
the hospital adoption of telehealth affects patient utilization 
over time and how the effect is moderated by pandemic 
severity, lock-down policies, patient demographics, and 
hospital attributes. We use IQVIA Medical Claims (Dx) data 
built on a panel of patients. Our data consists of 75 million 
in-person and online medical visits treating breast cancer 
and schizophrenia between January 2018 and October 2021 
at the largest 10,000 health care organizations. By assessing 
the heterogeneous take-up and usage of telehealth among 
patients, we derive insights into the most valuable areas of 
telehealth applications.
3 - COVID-19 Morbidity Information Disclosure 
Format and Levels: Impact on Compliance 
with Recommended Preventive Behaviors
Angela Yi, Virginia Tech, Blacksburg, VA
Dipankar Chakravarti
Coverage of the COVID-19 pandemic has varied by media 
outlets. Some outlets presented infection and morbidity 
information both as frequencies and percentages, whereas 
others reported only the frequency information. Moreover, 
information disclosure level also varied: some outlets 
selectively reported only the infections and deaths data, 
whereas others have provided breakdowns of the infections 
data by severity (recoveries) and deaths. These seemingly 
innocuous differences in morbidity information disclosure 
formats and levels may have had different effects on 
people’s judgments of the pandemic’s severity and their 
health concerns (for themselves and family members). 
This in turn may have affected their compliance intentions 
with recommended preventive behaviors (RPBs). We 
also examine whether these effects are moderated by 
individuals’ socio-economic ideology (i.e., self-perceptions 
as liberal/conservative on social vs. fiscal dimensions). A 
web experiment examined these issues using a 2 (format: 
frequency; frequency and percentage) x 3 (level: tested 
positive, deaths; tested positive, deaths, recoveries, still sick 
cases; tested positive, deaths, recoveries, still sick cases, 
infection severity) design. Participants (327 MTurk workers) 
rated their compliance likelihood with four RPBs (social 
distancing, mask wearing, self-quarantine and lockdown). 
We also measured participants’ social-fiscal ideology, 
and the extent to which their compliance motivation was 
to protect themselves versus others. Results show that 
information format presenting frequencies and percentages 
(vs. frequency alone), lowered health concern judgments. 
Lower health concerns mediated lower compliance with the 
RPBs. Self-reported social-fiscal ideology moderated the 
effect for some RPBs.
TD12
Virtual Room 12
Consumer Behavior: Experimental Methods
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Akshina Banerjee
University of Chicago, Chicago, IL
1 - The Semblance of Success in Nudging 
Consumers to Pay Down Credit Card Debt
Benedict Guttman-Kenney, PhD Economics Candidate, 
University of Chicago, Chicago, IL
Paul Adams, Stefan Hunt, David Laibson, Neil Stewart
We study how consumer responses to a nudge counteract 
its intended effect to reduce credit card debt. The nudge 
shrouds the option to automatically pay only the minimum 
due - automatic minimum payment - and increases the 
salience of an alternative option - automatic fixed payment - 
to automatically amortize debt faster. Despite the intervention 
causing large proximate effects - increasing enrollment 
to this salient payment option 21 percentage points and 
reducing the likelihood of paying exactly the minimum by 7 
percentage points - it has no distal effects on debt. Results 
are explained by three offsetting consumer responses: (i) 
Automatic fixed payment amounts selected often bind at 
or just above the minimum due; (ii) Automatic payment 
(autopay) enrollment decreases - increasing missed payments; 
and (iii) Non-automatic (manual) payments decrease. For a 
selected subsample, we link liquid savings data to construct 
a new measure of liquidity constraints - the minimum 
liquid cash balance over 90 days - and find (i) bunching of 
minimum liquid balances just above zero (ii) credit card debt 
repayment is discontinuously lower when minimum liquid 
balances fall below zero.
2 - Understanding Why Customers Co-hold 
Savings and Debt: A Field Experiment
Rafael M. Batista, University of Chicago Booth School of 
Business, Chicago, IL
Neale Mahoney, Jessica Min, Abigail Sussman
This project explores co-holding, whereby consumers 
consistently carry low-yielding savings balances while also 
holding onto high-interest debt. Through a large-scaled 
randomized controlled trial (RCT) we sought to test two 
hypotheses. The first was that consumers were unaware that 
they were co-holding. Consumers have limited attention and 
therefore may have overlooked the amount they had available 
in savings when looking at their credit card balances and 
deciding what to pay off. The second hypothesis was that 
even if they were aware that they were jointly holding onto 
savings and debt, they may not have realized the costs of 
doing so. 125,328 co-holding customers from a large financial 
institution were randomly assigned to one of three conditions: 
one which informed consumers that they were co-holding, 
another that informed but also made the costs of doing so 
salient, and a third, control group which received no new 
information. We find no meaningful difference between the 
two treatment groups. We also find no noticeable difference 
in the amount repaid between those receiving a notification 
and those in the control group (p = .162). However, those in 
the treatment conditions paid more post-intervention than 
they had pre-intervention (p < .001) and were also more 
likely to pay more than the minimum contracted amount (p 
< .001). Our results suggest that consumers might be co-
holding for reasons which are not a lack of awareness or a 
misunderstanding of the costs. Since conducting this study, 
we have surveyed a subset of these same consumers and are 
currently in the process of linking responses to their banking 
data in order to conduct further analyses.
3 - The Impact of Uncertainty on Customer 
Satisfaction: Evidence from Amazon Reviews
Camila Back, LMU Munich, Munich, Germany
Martin Spann
Customer satisfaction is an important metric to predict 
customer behavior and as a result firms’ profitability. 
Expectations of a product’s performance serve as a reference 
point against which customers evaluate their satisfaction with 
the products’ actual performance. But reference points are 
usually conceptualized as single point estimates. So what 
effect does uncertainty in expectations have? The current 
paper offers a theoretical model of satisfaction, in which 
expectations reflect distributions of individual beliefs about 
performance outcomes. This approach allows us to capture 
potential effects from comparing actual performance levels 
to (multiple) levels that could have been. Based on this 
model, uncertainty shifts subjective reference points upward. 
That is, uncertainty increases the performance level at which 
customers shift from being dissatisfied to being satisfied. 
Furthermore, uncertainty has an attenuating effect on both 
positive and negative deviations of actual performance from 
subjective reference points. Put differently, a bad performance 
feels less bad and a good performance feels less good when 
it is expected, compared with unexpected. We find support 
for our model’s predictions by analyzing product review data 
from Amazon, where we operationalize satisfaction based 
on individual customers’ ratings and infer actual product 
performance from objective quality ratings. An experiment 
under controlled conditions further corroborates our findings. 
These results have implications for the communication of 
uncertainty (e.g., when to communicate broad or wide ranges 
of expected performance) and shed light on firms’ abilities to 
extract value from inferred uncertainty levels by customizing 
customer valuation and recovery strategies.
4 - The Language that Drives Engagement: A 
Systematic Large-scale Analysis of Headline 
Experiments
Akshina Banerjee, Booth School of Business, University of 
Chicago, Chicago, IL
What motivates people to consume information? A broad 
range of theories in social and cognitive psychology have 
identified relevant characteristics, including, linguistic 
structure, fluency, affect, construal, personalization and 
many other factors. We take an ecologically valid and 
general approach to identifying causal effects of language 
on engagement decisions, using a large-scale database 
of field experiments conducted on Upworthy.com. Online 
journalism increasingly relies on catchy click-bait language 
in headlines to optimize engagement (Frampton 2015). 
We investigate what makes messages effective at driving 
engagement, using NLP tools to bridge the gap between the 
numerous specific but atheoretical results from a database 
of thousands of experiments conducted by Upworthy, and 
academic behavioral theories of how people generally 
interact with messages and textual cues. We extracted 
theoretically relevant measures from the content of the 
headlines themselves, using both existing tools (LIWC2015; 
Berger et al. 2020) and custom-defined scoring. Factor 
analyses were then used to extract underlying constructs from 
the measures. After testing for sufficient identifying variation 
across treatments, we identified 35 testable psychological 
constructs that mapped to informational, cognitive, linguistic 
and affective research, for 20 (57%) of which the literature 
provided directional predictions. Overall, after correcting 
for multiple comparisons, out of the constructs for which the 
literature provided predictions, the results were as predicted 
for about 20%, non-significant for 60% and the opposite of 
what had been predicted for 20% of constructs. Our findings 
provide a unique test of a wide range of persuasion-relevant 
theories, in an important real-world context, and illustrate 
how to use large-scale atheoretical experimentation to test 
theories of behavior.
TD13
Virtual Room 13
Social Media: Social Networks
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Begum Sener
Koc University, Istanbul, Turkey
1 - Negative Imagery Framing for Advertising 
Climate Change on Social Media 
Shuge Li, University of New South Wales, 
Sydney, Australia
Jun Bum Kwon, Huy Pham Quang, Felix Septianto, 
Pradeep Chintagunta
While climate change is a significant problem in the world, 
communicating climate change issues has been challenging 
because the nature of the issue is abstract, complex, and 
slow-moving, thus hindering environmental nonprofit 
organizations (NPO) from engaging their audience. The 
current research examines how negative imagery framing 
in NPO advertising increases viewer engagement on social 
media. By detecting visual theme about climate change 
issues and classifying it into negative and positive framing 
in each 1,537 Greenpeace Australia Pacific Instagram posts, 
this research shows that negative framing increases social 
media engagement (i.e., the number of likes and comments). 
A follow-up experiment also suggests that present focus 
drives the framing effect. Moreover, this research also shows 
that warmer, more saturated, and brighter colors enhance 
the aforementioned effect. As such, findings of the present 
research contribute to the literature on climate change 
communication, emotional content on social media, and 
color psychology, and further provide concrete and feasible 
implications for NPO to promote societal issues such as 
climate change. Keyword: Climate Change, Visual Analytics, 
Negative Imagery Framing, Color,
2 - The Power of Humor in Marketer-generated 
Content on Social Media
Zhiqiang Li, Zhongnan University of Economics and Law, 
Wuhan, China
Yaxuan Ran
Against the backdrop of the prevalence of social media, 
brands are increasingly relying on it as a channel for 
marketing communication. Brands frequently express 
themselves or promote their products by posting texts and 
images online, defined as marketer-generated content 
(MGC), that contain humor to drive customer engagement. 
Despite an extensive literature on how humor feature 
impacts firm-customer interactions, far less is known about 
its divergent effects on customer behaviors. This research 
classifies humorous MGC into two types: warmth-oriented 
humor contents (WHC) and competence-oriented humor 
contents (CHC). We draw on benign violation theory and 
stereotype content model to capture two distinct mechanisms 
of the differential effects. Based on an unstructured field data 
of MGC from Facebook, the current research used natural 
language processing and machine learning techniques 
to construct metrics of the two kinds of humor contents. 
Results reveal that WHC receives more customers’ positive 
attitude (i.e., likes and shares), whereas CHC leads to higher 
customers’ purchase intention inferred from the comments. 
A field study on a real social media platform in China (i.e., 
Weibo) provide further evidence to demonstrate causal 
relationships of the main effect. Two experiments further 
suggest that perceived closeness drives the effect of WHC 
on customers’ positive attitude, while perceived persuasion 
is the key force that explain the effect of CHC on purchase 
intention. Collectively, these results highlight the mixed 
roles of humor use in MGC and facilitate existing knowledge 
of relationships between customers’ positive attitude and 
purchase intentions in social media. Although the attribute 
of humor has a positive impact, content engineering on 
humor styles would drive consumers’ path to conversion 
(virality to purchase). Separately, the methodology we apply 
helps extract marketing-relevant insights in unstructured 
data on social media.
3 - The Impact of Personality on Social Media 
Engagement: The Case of Snapchat
Sumiran Satyal, Southern Illinois University, 
Edwardsville, IL
Edmund Hershberger, Michael Hair
This paper attempts to understand the relationship between 
various personality traits and Snapchat use. A survey was 
conducted among 265 undergraduate students. Measured 
variables included the so-called Five Factor Model (McRae 
and John 1992), which includes Extraversion, Agreeableness, 
Conscientiousness, Neuroticism, and Openness to 
Experience. These were measured using the Ten Item 
Personality Inventory (Gosling, Rentfrow, & Swann, 2003) 
We also measures Narcisim using the 16 point Narcissistic 
Personality Inventory (NPI) (Ames, Rose, & Anderson, 2006). 
Dependent variables included measures of respondents’ 
likelihood to engage in various social media related 
behaviors. We found that Extraversion, and Narcissism 
were positively related to engagement behaviors, while 
Conscientiousness and Openness to Experience were 
negatively related to engagement behaviors. Respondents 
who were high on Extraversion displayed the greater use 
of Snapchat and its features. Respondents who were high 
on Narcissism were more likely to expand their Snapchat 
use and interact with people other than their friends. 
Respondents high on Conscientiousness limited themselves 
to communicating with friends and peers. Respondents 
who were high on Openness to Experience had lower levels 
of engagement overall.
4 - Brand Generated Emotional Content in 
Social Networks
Begum Sener, Koc University, Istanbul, Turkey 
Berk Ataman, Ezgi Akpinar
With the ever-increasing competition for attention in social 
media, generating engagement with branded content posts 
has become harder. A large body of research exploring how 
to effectively communicate with the consumers through 
social media channels has highlighted the importance of 
emotional content and offered insights as to which emotions 
generate greater engagement and why. Yet, surprisingly 
few studies have investigated the effect of the emotional 
state of the consumers. Provided that social media content 
is not consumed in a vacuum, the current paper examines 
consumers’ reactions to brand-generated emotion-laden 
social media content conditional on their emotional states. 
To that end, the authors combine three sources of data 
comprising a large sample of user-generated social media 
posts, brand-generated social media posts from 359 FMCG 
companies, and a field study to represent emotions as their 
corresponding underlying dimensions. The results show 
that (1) the arousal level of consumers’ emotional state 
drives engagement even in the absence of emotions in 
brand-generated content and (2) the ability of an emotion in 
brand-generated content to increase engagement depends 
heavily on where it stands in relation to the consumers’ 
emotional states on all underlying dimensions of valence, 
arousal, and dominance. This study highlights the importance 
of contextual elements in consumer engagement and offers 
managerial insights on how to create effective social media 
campaigns. Keywords: social media; brand generated 
content; emotions; engagement
TD14
Virtual Room 14
Opportunities and Challenges for using Video 
Data in Marketing Research
Special Sessions
Chair: Ishita Sunity Chakraborty
University of Wisconsin, Madison, WI
1 - Finding the Sweet Spot: Ad Targeting on 
Streaming Media
Prashant Rajaram, Western University, London, 
ON, Canada
Puneet Manchanda, Eric Schwartz
A majority of US households view on-demand content on 
streaming video services. Not surprisingly, ad spending on 
these online services is growing rapidly. However, extant 
research on streaming media has not explored the balance 
between the interest of the viewer (content consumption) 
with that of the platform (ad exposure). We do this using 
two new metrics that capture the interplay between content 
consumption and ad exposure using viewing data on a 
streaming media platform. The first metric (Bingeability) 
measures non-linear content consumption while the second 
metric (Ad Tolerance) measures the willingness of a viewer 
to continue viewing after ad exposure. Using causal machine 
learning methods that comprise a tree-based model 
with instrumental variables, we capture the impact of ad 
delivery on Bingeability and Ad Tolerance for individual 
viewers for each viewing session. The results indicate that 
the sweet spot that balances the interest of the viewer and 
the platform consists of short (ad) pod durations that are 
equally spaced at long intervals during a viewing session. 
We discuss the implications of our results for managers of 
streaming platforms.
2 - Consumer Behaviour in the Online Classroom: 
Using Video Analytics and Machine Learning 
to Understand the Consumption of Video 
Courseware
Mi Zhou, UBC Sauder School of Business, Vancouver, 
BC, Canada
George Huaien Chen, Pedro M Ferreira, Michael D Smith
Video is one of the fastest growing online services offered to 
consumers. The rapid growth of online video consumption 
brings new opportunities for marketing executives and 
researchers to analyze consumer behavior. However, video 
also introduces new challenges. Specifically, analyzing 
unstructured video data presents formidable methodological 
challenges that limit the use of multimedia data to generate 
marketing insights. To address this challenge, the authors 
propose a novel video feature framework based on machine 
learning and computer vision techniques, which helps 
marketers predict and understand the consumption of 
online video from a content-based perspective. The authors 
apply this framework to two unique datasets: one provided 
by MasterClass, consisting of 771 online videos and more 
than 2.6 million viewing records from 225,580 consumers, 
and another from Crash Course, consisting of 1,127 videos 
focusing on more traditional education disciplines. The 
analyses show that the framework proposed in this article can 
be used to accurately predict both individual-level consumer 
behavior and aggregate video popularity in these two very 
different contexts. The authors discuss how their findings 
and methods can be used to advance management and 
marketing research with unstructured video data in other 
contexts such as video marketing and entertainment analytics.
3 - AI and AI-human Based Screening and 
Selection for Salesperson Hiring Using 
Interview Videos
Ishita Sunity Chakraborty, University of Wisconsin, 
Madison, WI
Khai Chiong, Howard Dover, K Sudhir
We consider the problem of AI and AI-human based 
screening (eliminating bottom candidates) and selection 
(hiring top candidates) in salesforce hiring. Using videos 
of structured interviews of candidates and ratings from 
multiple recruiting experts on standard performance criteria, 
we develop an AI model of salesforce ``skill’’ prediction by 
extracting theory-relevant objective measures of interviewee 
performance embedded in videos. Using the model, we 
address two issues: First, to aid interpretability of the AI 
model, we assess what mode of unstructured data from the 
interview (text, audio and video information) and what specific 
behaviors (e.g, body language, conversation style) drive 
AI predictions of salesperson skill. We find that while initial 
screening decisions are heavily impacted by audio-visual 
features like ``energetic voice, final selection decision relies 
more heavily on linguistic features like being precise and 
quantitative. We also find that optimal amount of `interactivity 
in conversations’’ (i.e., frequency of turns in conversation 
between buyer and seller) and ``willingness to listen’’ (share 
of buyer speaking time) is an important determinant of high 
ratings. Second, we use a Bayesian approach to combine AI 
prediction with human judgment to assess improvements in 
predictive performance of the hybrid AI-human model with 
respect to a pure human panel benchmark. Augmenting AI 
with human judgment has limited benefit for screening but 
improves selection significantly. Further, human judgment 
based on the first 2-3 minutes of the interaction is sufficient. 
This suggests a cost-effective way to deploy AI in sales hiring-
--use AI exclusively for screening but augment it with human 
judgment based on early stages of interview for selection.
Friday, 9–10am
FA02
Virtual Room 02
Pricing I
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Chi Zhang
Texas A&M University, College Station, TX
1 - Pricing and Advertising Decisions for New 
Prescription Drugs
Guneet Kaur Nagpal, Western University, London, 
ON, Canada
Rajdeep Grewal, Deepak Jena, Atul Nerkar
Taking the context of newly launched branded prescription 
drugs, we study the new product optimal advertising and 
pricing strategies in the presence of patents. One can argue 
that for prescription drugs protected by patents, which 
create competitive barriers, drugs may enter the market as 
monopoly offering and hence may have significant pricing 
power with reduced the reliance on advertising spends 
as a differentiation or quality signaling tool. The empirical 
investigation of this argument remains elusive in the extant 
literature on new prescription drug launches. Consequently, 
we analytically develop and empirically estimate the 
simultaneous pricing and advertising spends equations using 
328 newly launched branded prescription drugs introduced 
in the U.S. market during 1984-2003. We find that when 
drugs have longer time to exercise pricing power, firms tend 
to be relatively generous in bearing advertising costs; and 
when drugs have broader patent portfolio, firms tend to 
collect higher economic gains early on by charging higher 
prices. Further, advertising spends and prices are negatively 
associated, implying market penetration role of advertising 
spends at the time of drug launch. We also find that drug 
superiority factors relate positively to price and advertising 
spends, and that that firm’s reliance on patents as pricing 
power tool and advertising spends reduces if the drug has 
higher efficacy and broader benefit scope respectively
2 - Managers’ Salaries Effect on 
Customer Behavior
Oded Lowengart, Ben Gurion University, Beer 
Sheva, Israel
Gil Peleg
In the last decade, customers worldwide have expressed 
dissatisfaction with business activities’ unfairness, especially 
from unequal wage distribution among employees (i.e., 
high CEO-to-regular workers’ wage ratio). Research on 
the potential effect of such wages on customers’ behavior 
indicates that presenting unequal wage distribution to 
customers at the time of purchase might hurt their tendency 
to purchase products and satisfaction. We propose that 
unfair wage distribution is salient in customers’ decisions 
and manifested as a product/ service attribute through price 
fairness’ perceptions. We decompose the wage distribution 
inequality by separating perceptions of managers’ salaries 
from overall labor cost perceptions. We, therefore, diverge 
from the current literature by proposing an indirect effect of 
managers’ salaries on customers’ decisions in both preference 
and choice formation processes. Across different studies 
performed in different cultural environments, an adverse 
effect of managers’ salaries on customers’ decisions mediated 
by price fairness was found to be robust and generalized. 
Managerial implications are also discussed.
3 - NFT Digital Artwork Pricing using Image 
Analytics and Auction Models
Chi Zhang, Texas A&M University, College Station, TX
Venkatesh Shankar, Xiaohui Zhang
Non-fungible tokens (NFTs) are unique units of data stored 
on blockchains that can be used as public proof of ownership 
for various types of digital files. Online platforms, such as 
Foundation and SuperRare, have leveraged this property 
to track the copyright ownership of digital artworks and 
created corresponding online marketplaces. Digital artworks 
are traded as NFTs through auctions on these platforms. 
Compared with traditional offline art auctions, NFT online 
artwork auctions exhibit several different features. First, the 
reserve price of the object is open and ex-ante posted in 
contrast to the private and ex-post revealed reserve price 
in traditional art auctions. Second, the number of bidders 
is unknown during the bidding process in contrast to the 
informed number of bidders in the offline scenario. Third, 
transactions are settled with cryptocurrencies instead of 
government-issued fiat currencies like the U.S. dollar. Due to 
these differing features, the pricing of NFT digital artworks 
may differ from the pricing of traditional artworks. However, 
research on the valuation and pricing of NFT objects and 
NFT digital artworks is sparse. Existing studies focus on 
CryptoPunks and CryptoKitties, which are more homogenous 
collectibles than digital artworks. Furthermore, in practice, no 
clear guidelines exist for buyers and sellers on how to value 
NFT digital artworks and how to set the reserve prices for 
them. In this research, we address two key questions. What is 
the relationship between the content of digital artworks and 
their prices? What are the optimal reserve prices for different 
types of digital artworks? We address these questions by 
using computer vision methods and economic models of 
auctions on a dataset collected from a major NFT digital 
artwork platform. We investigate the relationship between 
the content of digital artworks and their prices, recover the 
bounds on the valuation distribution of the bidders and 
estimate the bounds for the optimal reserve price. The results 
from this study may provide a deeper understanding of the 
pricing of NFT objects and digital artworks.
FA03
Virtual Room 03
Influencer Marketing V
Special Sessions
Co-Chair: Verena Schoenmueller
Bocconi University, Milan, Italy
Chair: Andreas Lanz
HEC Paris, Paris, France
1 - Effectiveness of Influencer Marketing for 
Political Campaigns
Philip Kim, Indiana University, Bloomington, IN
Beth Fossen
Social media influencers have gained a significant foothold in 
digital marketing with their capacity to affect consumers. This 
influence has attracted the attention of political campaigns, 
which have begun utilizing partnerships with social media 
influencers with the hopes of impacting voter preferences. 
At a time when traditional digital ads for political campaigns 
are facing restrictions on many crucial platforms such as 
Google, Facebook, and Twitter, influencer marketing activity 
has emerged as an attractive digital advertising option for 
political candidates. These factors have led to a recent rapid 
growth of interest in and use of influencer marketing in 
political campaigns. Given the novelty and meteoric rise of 
influencer marketing in the political landscape, little is known 
whether and how much this marketing activity is effective in 
impacting voters in the political context. In this research, we 
investigate how sponsored influencer activities by political 
campaigns impact voter preference, measured through daily 
polls on political candidates. Furthermore, we examine which 
characteristics of influencer marketing activity are most crucial 
in affecting voter preferences and social media engagement. 
Our analyses utilize data of Twitter posts made by influencers 
and daily polls of voter preferences for the 2020 U.S. 
Democratic Party presidential primary candidates from July 1, 
2019 to March 31, 2020.
2 - Ratioing and Credibility: The Effect of 
Like to Comment Ratio on the Perceived 
Credibility of Tweets
Behzad Rezaee, University of Lausanne, Lausanne, 
Switzerland
Tobias Schlager, Markus A Christen
AbstractWe are living at the apex of the communication 
era where people can easily share their news, experiences, 
and thoughts on social media which has created a lot 
of opportunities for us. However, wherever there is an 
opportunity, we will see opportunism as well. One of the 
current issues on social media is fake content and how 
to deal with them. In this article, we will show that cues 
such as the number of likes and comments of a tweet can 
play a significant role in its perceived credibility. More 
specifically and with analyzing both field and experimental 
data, we will demonstrate that the more like to comment 
ratio a post has, the more it is perceived as credible. We 
will also show that this perceived credibility comes from 
the channel of consensus cue which could be moderated 
by the susceptibility to the social influence of the user, 
their motivation, and their cognitive load. Moreover, as the 
boundary condition, we will show that only ratio matters 
for the perceived credibility and the order of magnitude of 
numbers don’t play a role in our conceptual model.Keywords: 
Ratioing, Credibility, Twitter
3 - Sending the Wrong Message: Understanding 
Influencers Role in the Spread of 
Disinformation
Roman Welden, University of Tennessee, Knoxville, TN
Leah Smith, Kelly Hewett, Michael Haenlein
While influencer marketing provides many positives for 
society, its popularity has also given rise to the spread of 
disinformation. The growing role of influencers has led to 
an evolution of disinformation in terms of both reach and 
complexity. Nearly 40% of all social media users regularly 
share disinformation, triggering a need to understand 
how disinformation messages are structured and spread. 
Using affect as information theory, the authors propose that 
the structures surrounding an influencers social network 
(e.g., micro vs macro influencer, connections with other 
influencers) interacts with message elements (emotional 
valence, cognitive activation, and credibility) to impact the 
ways in which individuals react to disinformation messages. 
Using a proposed multi-method approach (including 
sentiment analysis of Twitter posts containing disinformation, 
social network analysis of influencers known to spread 
disinformation, biometric analysis of individuals exposed to 
disinformation, and lab/field experiments) the authors hope 
to show how these messages spread and the steps marketers, 
regulatory agencies, and other stakeholders can take to 
combat disinformation.
4 - Identifying and Predicting Fake-News Sharers 
within the Fake-News Ecosystem: Beyond 
Demographics and Ideology
Verena Schoenmueller, Bocconi University, Milan, Italy
Simon Blanchard, Gita Johar
The spread of misinformation or fake-news is a global concern 
that undermines progress on issues such as protecting 
democracy and public health. Past research aiming to combat 
its spread has largely focused on identifying its semantic 
content and media outlets publishing such news. In contrast, 
we aim to identify individuals who are more likely to share 
fake-news by studying the language of actors in the fake-news 
ecosystem (such as fake-news sharers, fact-check sharers and 
random twitter users), and creating a linguistic profile of them. 
Fake-news sharers and fact-check sharers use significantly 
more high-arousal negative emotions in their language, but 
fake-news sharers express more existentially-based needs 
than other actors. Incorporating psycholinguistic cues as 
inferred from their tweets into a model of socio-demographic 
predictors considerably improves classification accuracy 
of fake-news sharers. The finding that fake-news sharers 
differ in important ways from other actors in the fake-news 
ecosystem (such as in their existential needs), but are also 
similar to them in other ways (such as in their anger levels), 
highlights the importance of studying the entire fake-
news ecosystem to increase accuracy in identification and 
prediction. Our approach can help mitigate fake-news sharing 
by enabling platforms to pre-emptively screen potential 
fake-news sharers’ posts.
FA04
Virtual Room 04
Retail Store Format, Product Availability, and 
Consumer Choice
Special Sessions
Chair: Tomomichi Amano
Harvard University, Boston, MA
Co-Chair: Sylvia Hristakeva
UCLA Anderson School of Management, Los 
Angeles, CA
1 - An Analysis of Dollar Store Entry on Local 
Market Structure
El Hadi Caoui, University of Toronto, Toronto, ON, Canada
Brett Hollenbeck, Matthew Osborne
This paper studies the expansion of dollar store chains in the 
U.S. retail landscape following the Great Recession (2008-
2019). This expansion has been accompanied by growing 
public concern over the impact on other retailers and food 
accessibility in local communities. We develop an empirical 
framework to evaluate the impact of entry regulation on 
spatial market structure and consumers’ shopping behavior. 
A dynamic game of entry, exit and investment into spatially 
differentiated locations is specified, allowing for chain-
level economies of density. Reduced-form evidence and 
counterfactual simulations indicate that dollar store chains 
compete strongly with the grocery and convenience segments 
and are associated with lower access to fresh produce.
2 - Inference and Impact of Category Captaincy
Xinrong Zhu, University of Wisconsin-Madison, 
Madison, WI
This paper studies category captaincy, a vertical relationship 
whereby the retailer delegates pricing and assortment 
decisions of an entire category to one of the leading 
manufacturers within the category. These contracts, which are 
confidential, can lead to disproportionately higher market 
shares for the captain’s products. The objective of this paper 
is to infer the existence of such contracts and to quantify their 
impacts on prices, market shares, and profits of manufacturers 
and retailers. I use the yogurt category as an empirical 
setting, in which the captain is either Dannon or Yoplait-
--the top two brands in the category by national market 
share. Using Nielsen scanner data, I first estimate a random-
coefficient model of consumer demand. I use estimates of 
the brand-retailer specific shocks and a Bayesian inference 
model to classify retailers into one of the three categories: 
Dannon-captained retailers, Yoplait-captained retailers, 
or non-captained retailers. Conditional on the classified 
arrangements, I then apply conduct tests to infer that captains 
eliminate double markups from their own products, while 
the non-captain products still have double markups. The 
results from counterfactual experiments show that category 
captaincy arrangements increase market shares of the captain 
by about 50%, but they can also increase retailer profits 
and consumer welfare by eliminating double markups on 
the captain’s products.
3 - Grocery Store Closures and Household 
Nutritional Choices 
Sylvia Hristakeva, UCLA Anderson School of Managment, 
Los Angeles, CA
Julia Levine
Health practitioners and researchers link consumer dietary 
choices to health outcomes, highlighting the importance 
for improved understanding of what drives consumer 
nutrition. Differences in households’ nutritional choices 
are likely driven by both demand and supply factors. We 
add to our understanding of supply-side factors, analyzing 
how access grocery stores may impact households’ food 
purchases and the nutritional composition of food baskets. 
Our analyses exploit a novel variation in supply availability— 
temporary closures of grocery stores, which occur right after 
a hurricane passes through the geographic location. We 
identify households as treated if they frequented a closed 
store in the pre-hurricane period. We find that a temporary 
closure of a grocery store results in a decrease in purchases 
of healthy food for treated households relative to the control 
group. The impact on nutritional intake is large and persists 
for six months following the store re-opening, despite no 
contemporaneous effects on overall grocery expenditure. 
Next, we explore potential mechanisms for our main results, 
finding that treated households direct a larger share of their 
food expenditures to discount stores, even after the store has 
reopened. Hence, differences in prices and/or assortments 
across grocery and discount stores may explain the estimated 
changes in the composition of household purchase baskets.
4 - Roll-out of New Brands and the Role of 
Entry Costs
Tomomichi Amano, Harvard Business School, Boston, MA
Manufacturers commonly adopt a roll-out process in 
introducing new products to retailers. In the market for 
consumer packaged goods, firms are often observed to 
roll-out new brands gradually—expanding out from markets 
that are closer in physical distance, or similar in attributes to 
previously entered markets, such as belonging to the same 
retail chain. Roll-out within a retailer is not always uniform. 
We establish that entry costs are smaller for markets that are 
similar to ones in which the brand has already entered. These 
costs can be heterogeneous within a retailer. We illustrate 
that these costs can be consequential in dictating the path by 
which new products diffuse.
FA05
Virtual Room 05
Online Browsing and Shopping Behavior
Special Sessions
Chair: Beth Fossen
Indiana University, Bloomington, IN
1 - Understanding Consumer Journey Using 
Online Conversations
Lingling Zhang, China Europe International Business, 
Shanghai, China
Wei Shi, Amy Yiping Song
Consumer’s shopping journey for healthcare services is 
increasingly moving online. Because of the high level of 
quality uncertainty, consumers often need to speak with 
online customer service agents to acquire more information 
before they make an appointment with healthcare providers. 
Therefore, the interaction with agents plays a critical role 
for the consumer journey outcome. However, little empirical 
research has systematically examined the effectiveness these 
conversations in terms of their content and dynamics. In this 
research, we have an opportunity to work with a leading 
dental clinic chain in China to observe their consumer 
journey in a major market for six months. Our data includes 
the complete footprint of the journey: from which channel 
the consumer is acquired (i.e., organic visits, search ads, 
and display ads), the detailed conversation exchanges with 
online agents, and whether the consumer agreed to make 
an appointment and perform the dental procedure. We 
apply machine learning techniques to understand the topic 
flow of consumer-agent conversations and examine how the 
conversation dynamics lead to different conversion outcomes. 
Our results demonstrate how to detect interested consumers 
in the early stage of online conversation and how the 
content and dynamics of conversation is associated with the 
propensity of conversion. This research has direct managerial 
implications for healthcare providers to understand and 
influence online consumer journey through analytics.
2 - Ad-blockers and Online Consumer Behavior
Vilma Todri, Emory University, Atlanta, GA
Hyunkyung Lee
Digital advertising is on track to become the dominant 
form of advertising but ad-blocking technologies have 
recently emerged posing a potential threat to the online 
advertising ecosystem. A significant and increasing fraction 
of Internet users has indeed already started employing ad-
blockers. However, surprisingly little is known yet about the 
antecedents and consequences of ad-blockers on consumers. 
This paper investigates such factors to better understand the 
phenomenon of ad-blockers in the Internet economy.
3 - Effectiveness of Micro Ads on Television 
Beth Fossen, Indiana University, Bloomington, IN
Philip Kim, Inyoung Chae
Television advertisers and networks are showing increased 
interest in micro television ads, ads that are 10 seconds 
or less. Yet, limited research has considered micro ads 
on television. We investigate the effectiveness of micro 
television ads relative to longer ads by exploring the impact 
of television advertising by ecommerce retailers on traffic 
and sales on the retailers’ websites following their television 
ads. Using a quasi-experimental research design, we find 
that micro television ads spur more traffic - as much as 21% 
more - to the retailers’ websites post-ad than longer ads, 
while we do not find strong evidence that their impact on 
sales significantly differs from that of non-micro ads. Our 
analyses also reveal several ad characteristics that amplify the 
effectiveness of micro television ads. We propose three key 
distinctions about today’s media viewers which may explain 
why they would react differently to micro versus non-micro 
ads. We find support that current viewers’ reduced patience 
for longer ads may explain the effectiveness of micro ads. Our 
research provides timely insights for advertisers and television 
networks seeking economical, attractive ad inventory.
FA06
Virtual Room 06
AI and Societal Implications
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Lea Sollfrank
Goethe-University, Frankfurt, Germany
1 - Sell Me the Black-box! Regulating Explainable 
Artificial Intelligence (XAI) May Harm Users
Behnam Mohammadi, Carnegie Mellon University, 
Pittsburgh, PA
Kannan Srinivasan, Timothy Derdenger
Recent years have seen a surge in the adoption of Artificial 
Intelligence (AI) models for decision-making in various 
domains such as targeted advertising, healthcare, and 
finance. But most recent AI algorithms are complex black-
box models whose underlying mechanisms are difficult to 
understand even by their creators. In life-changing situations 
such as criminal justice systems and medical diagnosis, 
however, it is crucial to know the chain of reasoning that leads 
to certain decisions made by AI. eXplainable AI (XAI) is a set 
of techniques that seek to address such concerns about AI 
transparency and trust by making AI outputs understandable 
to humans. The rapidly growing body of research on XAI 
coincides with the emerging issue of the regulatory and 
policy landscape for AI in jurisdictions across the world, such 
as GDPR in the EU. The common wisdom is that regulating 
AI and XAI leads to the betterment of society. This paper 
challenges this notion through a game theoretic analysis of 
total welfare in a duopoly with and without XAI. The results 
show that under certain conditions, there is little-to-no 
additional benefit from mandating XAI. In fact, it follows that 
XAI policies that require full explainability may actually make 
both firms and customers worse off, demonstrating a trade-
off between maximizing welfare and receiving explainable 
AI outputs. We identify the factors that must be considered 
when designing XAI policies, and provide the managerial 
implications of our results for businesses.
2 - Understanding Algorithm Aversion: When 
Do People Abandon AIs When They 
See Them Err?
Yunhao Zhang, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, 
Cambridge, MA
Renee Gosline
Technological advancements have provided consumers the 
option to choose services provided by artificial Intelligence 
(AI) or human beings. Previous research (Dietvorst et al. 
2015) has shown that consumers display algorithmic aversion 
when AI errs. We further explore this phenomenon by 
testing the boundaries of this effect, and how it compares 
to human-generated errors. In two experiments examining 
preference for an AI or a human forecaster in a statistical 
prediction task, we find that the degree of algorithm 
aversion varies with the size of the error made by the AI or 
the human forecaster. Algorithm aversion disappears as 
the AI’s error becomes smaller or as the human forecaster’s 
error becomes larger. We further find that algorithm 
aversion does not happen if an AI performs worse than one’s 
expectation but happens when the AI’s error is larger than 
one’s expected human forecaster’s error. A textual analysis 
further uncovers insights into understanding why subjects 
prefer an AI or a human forecaster. These analyses identify 
both individual-level heterogeneity of algorithmic aversion 
as well as the role of contextual cues. Overall, our findings 
suggest that firms should continue to improve their AI as 
consumers would tolerate AI’s imperfection and appreciate its 
superior performance.
3 - The Role of Consumer Perceptions of 
the Ethics of Machine Learning in the 
Appropriation of Artificial Intelligence-
based Systems
Christine Balague, Institut Mines-Télécom Business School, 
EVRY, France
Zeling Zhong
Generally, we expect Machine Learning (ML) in marketing to 
provide efficient recommendation systems, improvement in 
advertising with real time bidding, more accurate customers’ 
behaviors predictions, and better CRM. This research focuses 
on the role of ML ethics, which is a combination of four ethical 
concepts: data privacy and security, fairness, accountability, 
and transparency of ML algorithms. The results show that ML 
ethics play a key role on consumer’s behavior by positively 
influencing AI services appropriation. We use a PLS model 
to quantitatively measure AI services appropriation, as well 
as its antecedents (ML ethics and trust) and consequences 
(perceived value and NPS). We also reveal that fulfillment 
of contract obligations has a mediating role between ML 
ethics and trust in AI services. This research shows that 
marketers need to be responsible by focusing on the 
ethics of ML to answer AI users’ needs and to enter in the 
Artificial Intelligence era
4 - The Effect of Gender Stereotypes in 
Voice Shopping
Lea Sollfrank, Goethe-University, Frankfurt, Germany
Ju-Young Kim
Voice-assisted commerce is on the rise. The underlying 
shopping process requires a voice-based interaction 
between user and assistant, which takes place with either 
a female or male voice assistant. It is unclear, however, 
how users perceive different genders of the assistant and 
thereupon evaluate the recommendation of the assistant. 
This evaluation may differ depending on the gender of the 
participant, the gender of the recommended product and 
the certainty the user has in the respective product segment. 
Drawing on levels of the self-categorization theory and the 
CASA paradigm as well as literature on gender stereotypes 
in an AI context, we examine in two online experiments the 
impact of the participant’s gender, the product gender and 
the assistant’s gender on both perceptual measures (i.e. 
competence and trustworthiness) and behavioural measures 
(i.e. actively requesting help from the assistant and product 
choice). We expect from the results that lower certainty in 
the product segment will lead to increased consultation 
of the assistant and possible rescheduling of the product 
choice. We anticipate this to be particularly the case for a 
mismatch between participant and product gender and a 
match between product and assistant gender. We attribute 
the results in these settings to higher perceived competence 
and trustworthiness of the assistant. Preliminary findings show, 
that a lower certainty in the product segment as expected 
leads to a higher probability to consult the assistant as well 
as to a variation in the final product choice. They further 
indicate that a match-up between product and assistant 
gender can lead to higher perceived competence and 
trustworthiness of the assistant.
FA07
Virtual Room 07
Online and Mobile Marketing
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Grazia Cecere
Institut Mines-Telecom Business School, Evry, France
1 - Reducing Ad Waste: Optimal Targeting with 
Point Processes
Henrique Laurino dos Santos, Wharton School, University 
of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA
Digital platforms offer marketers uniquely individualized 
channels to monitor and directly interact with consumers, and 
while those enable the design of more granular advertising 
policies, the complexity of optimizing those policies is 
also greatly increased. To maximize the effectiveness of 
advertising, marketers must choose who and when to 
advertise to under the consideration that users may be 
reachable in near-continuous time. Extant optimization 
models in advertising and direct marketing are broadly 
built to either be granular at the consumer or time level, 
but rarely both. This study presents a model for individual-
level, continuous-time, purchase timing in the presence of 
consumer burnout. The model can flexibly accommodate 
a variety of advertising impulse-response equations and 
provides simple regularity conditions for the inclusion of 
endogenous usage-feedback loops as well as burnout 
mechanisms. I also introduce two stylized optimization tasks 
that represent the decision problems of a service provider 
designing an advertising policy directly and of a digital 
platform hired to design short-term policies for the primary 
service provider. Under limited regularity conditions the 
model can be used to quickly estimate optimal advertising 
scheduling policies for both tasks, either through closed-
form analytical solutions or simple numerical approximations. 
The model prescribes a long-term optimal minimal burnout 
level, with advertising frequency (and consumer burnout) 
decreasing as costs increase and increasing as the myopic 
agent’s planning period decreases.
2 - Rational Addiction in Mobile Consumption
Jeeva Somasundaram, IE Business School, Madrid, Spain
Laura Zimmermann, Duc Pham Quang
Many consumers would like to reduce their smartphone 
usage but fail to do so due to the addictive nature of many 
smartphone applications. We build a theoretical model that 
examines the effects of myopic versus forward-looking habit 
formation as well as satiation models on consumption of a 
good. We empirically test our predictions by conducting two 
pre-registered randomized control trials that aim to reduce 
consumers’ smartphone usage by providing temporary 
targets and monetary incentives over a period of time. 
When future targets and incentives are pre-announced, 
subjects conduct themselves in a forward-looking (rather 
than myopic) manner and reduce their mobile usage (rather 
than increase their consumption as predicted by satiation 
models) even before they are actually incentivized to do 
so. Subjects maintain a lower usage during the incentivized 
period and sustain a lower usage even after incentives are 
removed. Consistent with adjacent complementarity, we show 
that reduction in post-treatment usage is driven mainly by 
subjects who have lower usage during the treatment periods. 
However, we do not find any effect of reducing mobile usage 
on academic performance or well-being. Our manuscript thus 
provides empirical support for the theoretical framework of 
rational addiction in the domain of mobile usage by showing 
that pre-announcing future targets and incentives can be a 
cost-effective intervention to kick start behavioral change.
3 - Hitting the Right Target? Pricing and 
Advertising Strategies in Digital Markets
Grazia Cecere, Institut Mines-Telecom Business School, 
Evry, France
Wilfried Sand-Zantman, Sarah Lemaire
Display advertising markets rely on information provided 
by firms and consumers to provide ads to the right target. 
We investigate how a monopoly ad network should extract 
this information to price its advertising campaigns for 
commercial firms. We assume that the network is better 
able to identify the right target audiences but this requires 
it to know the firm’s heterogeneous characteristics, both 
in audience and value. We show how the network copes 
with this heterogeneity by altering the efficency of the 
targeting process and the prices charged to different types 
of firms. In particular, we show that narrower audience may 
be associated to lower prices to induce truthful information 
disclosure by firms.
FA08
Virtual Room 08
Choice Modeling I
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Sri Duvvuri
University of Washington Bothell, Bothell, WA
1 - Rethinking Product Display
Francisco Cisternas Vera, Assistant Professor, The Chinese 
University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong
Wee Chaimanowong
Decisions on product display have a strong influence on 
product demand. Desirable locations are well understood 
but competition effects are often overlooked. Intuitively, 
products located next to each other are more likely to 
compete. Specifically, relatively strong products draw demand 
from other products, and this effect is stronger for those in 
close proximity.When demand interactions are considered 
across the whole display are considered problem becomes 
NP-hard. In this work, we consider a model that allows 
correlations in demand upon the relative attractiveness of 
competing products moderated by their proximity and has 
been shown to outperform traditional models in fit and 
predictive power based on experimental data from physical 
retail stores. The resulting problem of maximizing profit based 
on this model is interesting in its own right as a non-linear 
integer programming problem. We explore various problem 
transformation, approximation techniques and exact solution 
to provide manager with general guidelines and suggestion 
to improve their own specific displays.
2 - Price Sensitivity and Retail Customer Analytics
Sri Devi Duvvuri, Quantitative Research Consultant, SD 
Associates, Kenmore, WA
In this research, we propose a method to classify customers 
on a price sensitivity continuum when the basket of goods 
is mixed--substitutes/complements/both. To identify a price 
sensitivity continuum, we calibrate a Bayesian multi-level 
factor analytic model using scanner panel data. To classify 
the customers further, we employ multivariate analyses (e.g., 
clustering) and validate the classification with survey data. 
Interestingly, the scanner panel data and survey data are 
derived from the same panel of customers provided by a 
stand-alone retailer for garden products. We use hierarchical 
Bayesian inference tools (e.g. MCMC) to estimate the model 
parameters. Preliminary results indicate two price sensitivity 
clusters. We are in the process of generating retailer metrics 
using the model results in tandem with survey data.
FA09
Virtual Room 09
Information Acquisition in Consumer Choice 
(Session I)
Special Sessions
Chair: Arash Laghaie
Goethe University Frankfurt, Frankfurt, Germany
1 - Marketing to Rationally Inattentive Customers
Andrew Caplin, New York University, New York, NY 
We develop a simple, dynamic model of market share that 
highlights interactions between social learning and private 
attentional choice. The key role of social learning in our model 
is to guide buyers not only on how much total attention to 
allocate to each decision, but also on precisely how to divide 
this attention up in an optimal manner. We show that allowing 
the agents the opportunity to gather information selectively 
after observing market behavior has a fundamental effect on 
individual learning and on the resulting market dynamics. In 
terms of marketing applications, the key point is that an outside 
observer with access to suitably rich data on market shares may 
be better able to understand preferences than are decision 
makers themselves. Agents in the model are learning optimally 
given their limited resources. They focus their attention on 
matters that concern them directly, but their powers are limited. 
One could imagine that a large agent, such as the government, 
Google, Amazon, or a market research firm such as J. D. Power 
and Associates or Consumer Reports, might have greater access 
to large amounts of detailed choice data as well as greater 
incentives process this information. Governments and research 
firms collect a broad range of statistics. Google sees the search 
behavior of a large fraction of agents. Amazon directly observes 
consumer choice. In this era of big data we show how such an 
agent might be able to put together detailed market data and 
might be able to learn type-dependent preferences.
2 - Inattention and Marketing
Filip Matejka, CERGE-EI, Praha, Czech Republic
We show what rational inattention implies for marketing. 
When consumers have limited ability to process information, 
but can choose what type of information to get, then 
consumers follow simplified strategies that feature mental 
accounting, limited consideration sets, brand loyalty etc.
3 - Discrete Choice in Marketing Through the 
Lens of Rational Inattention
Sergey Turlo, Goethe University Frankfurt, 
Frankfurt, Germany 
Matteo Fina, Johannes Kasinger, Arash Laghaie, 
Thomas Otter
Models derived from random utility theory represent the 
work-horse methods to learn about consumer preferences 
from discrete choice data collected in experimental and 
observational settings. % in economics and marketing.
However, a large body of literature documents a variety 
of behavioral patterns that cannot be captured by basic 
random utility models and that require different non-unified 
adjustments to accommodate these patterns.In this review 
article, we illustrate how a discrete choice model rooted in 
rational inattention (RI) theory nests a significant set of these 
patterns.We present illustrative simulations, discuss extant 
empirical work using experiments and observational data, 
and suggest how to develop an RI model for the analysis of 
discrete choice among multiple alternatives described along 
multiple attributes as encountered in prototypical discrete 
choice experiments and choice-based-conjoint analysis in 
marketing and economics.
FA10
Virtual Room 10
Causal Effects and Policy Decisions
Special Sessions
Chair: Venkatesh Shankar
Texas A&M University, College Station, TX
1 - Incentives to Work Out: Evidence from 
Randomized Field Experiments
Unnati Narang, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, 
Urbana, IL
With rapidly increasing healthcare costs, both governments 
and firms are paying more attention to cultivating healthy 
lifestyles among consumers to reduce medical and financial 
burdens. However, consumer often struggle to fulfil their 
commitments to health-related goals, such as consistently 
going to the gym. This research examines the effects of 
financial and non-financial incentives on consumers’ gym-
going behaviors. We conduct a set of randomized field 
experiments in partnership with the campus recreation center 
at one of the largest U.S. public universities that garners 
around one million student, staff, and faculty visits each year. 
Specifically, we provide a set of financial and non-financial 
incentives to the members of the center and track their 
progress (i.e., number and types of workouts completed). 
Our preliminary results show that financial incentives have 
a significant and sustained effect on members’ workout 
completion. We also examine the effects of non-financial 
incentives, such as information about the workouts and 
individual’s ranks among peers. Our research has implications 
for firms, health and fitness practitioners, policymakers, and 
researchers for designing effective incentive programs and 
improving overall consumer health and wellbeing.
2 - How Does Country-product Association 
Affect Choice? Evidence from the Restaurant 
Industry During COVID-19
Minjee Sun, University of Iowa, Iowa City, IA
Matthew Osborne, Verina Que, Hyesung Yoo
The purpose of this research project is to understand and 
quantify the different behavioral mechanisms that affect the 
demand for products associated with foreign countries during 
the COVID-19 pandemic. We explore whether consumers’ 
ethnic restaurant choices are negatively correlated with the 
COVID-19 cases of the restaurant’s country-of-origin, whether 
branding (foreignness of a restaurant’s name) interacts with 
the impact of country-of-origin on restaurant choices. We 
further classify different potential underlying mechanisms 
associated with the observed consumers’ responses. In 
addition, during this period, consumers were exposed to a 
series of polarizing events such as statements by political 
leaders or movements related to racism that could have 
triggered either positive or negative sentiments towards 
certain countries. We seek to disentangle health-related 
risk perception from other behavioral mechanisms such as 
political animosity or racism that are not directly related 
to health. We propose to test our hypotheses and explore 
mechanisms using a mixed-methods approach, combining 
insights from consumer choice experiments with those 
from field and media data. Our findings will have important 
implications for managers and policymakers regarding 
brand management and the diversity, equity, and inclusion in 
supporting the entry and stability of minority businesses.
3 - Do School Nutrition Mandates Affect 
Household Food Purchases?
Michael Patrick Palazzolo, University of 
California, Davis, CA
Zhiying Hu, Adithya Pattabhiramaiah, Kusum L Ailawadi
In 2012, a provision of the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act 
(HHFKA) placed strict requirements on what types of foods 
could be offered at schools, increasing the healthiness of 
food available to students. Did changes to the healthiness 
of school meals, even in the absence of more generous 
meal subsidies, lead parents to substitute towards school 
meals, and away from purchasing meals for their kids from 
supermarkets? We document that these changes did 
lead parents to purchase less food at the supermarket. 
Moreover, much of the reduction in food purchased from 
the supermarket appears to come from food categories 
traditionally associated with breakfast or lunch-the two 
meals for which food can easily be purchased from schools. 
We document differences in these effects along different 
dimensions, such as household demographics and taste for 
nutritious food. We also explore the existence of unintended 
consequences, such as a decline in the nutritional quality 
of supermarket food purchases. Our findings contribute to 
our understanding of how consumers make healthy eating 
choices. Often, we study such choices in the context of 
differentially priced goods-e.g., between a cheaper, less-
healthy option and a more expensive, healthier option-or 
the introduction of new healthy goods-e.g., entry of new 
supermarkets or brands. The HHFKA provides a unique 
opportunity for studying what happens when the healthiness 
of existing food options improves. Our findings indicate that, 
all else equal, improvements in the healthiness of available 
foods offered in one avenue (schools) can encourage a 
substitution of household purchases away from other avenues 
(such as supermarkets).
4 - Sponsored Content and News 
Consumption Tradeoffs
Adithya Pattabhiramaiah, Georgia Institute of Technology, 
Smyrna, GA
Inyoung Chae
Media publishers are increasingly hosting sponsored content 
(SC), a type of native advertising that resembles editorial 
information but possesses commercial intent, on their 
websites. SC has grown increasingly popular for two reasons: 
first, it typically achieves higher response rates compared to 
banner ads. Second, SC is routinely co-created by advertisers’ 
and the publisher’s specialized journalistic groups, which 
affords publishers better control over the content. However, 
hosting SC is not free of risks because consumers may 
mistake SC for editorial content due to their high similarity. 
This study offers implications for assessing the profitability 
for publishers from hosting SC. Using rich micro data that 
track clicks and subsequent consumer engagement with 
editorial and sponsored content on a news website, the 
authors demonstrate that SC viewership hurts subsequent 
consumption of news. Consistent with the view that readers 
feel misled by SC’s resemblance with editorial content, the 
negative effect is pronounced when the article headline 
appears to be editorial, but its content is mostly promotional. 
Notably, this negative impact of SC on user experience 
occurs despite its explicitly being labeled as sponsored 
content, following FTC guidelines. This adverse impact on 
reader engagement dissipates over subsequent visits and 
results in no discernible effect on readers’ subscription and 
churn tendencies. These findings urge publishers to carefully 
consider the revenue potential of SC against the potential 
loss in news traffic and to employ SC headlines that better 
match readers’ expectations to mitigate such loss.
FA11
Virtual Room 11
Sustainability
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Erya Ouyang
Temple University, Philadelphia, PA
1 - The Perceived Desirability of Electric Vehicle 
Purchases: Motivational Drivers and the 
Impact of Incremental Economic and Time 
Expenditures 
Richard T. Stuebi, PhD Student, Virginia Tech Pamplin 
College of Business, Blacksburg, V 
Dipankar Chakravarti
To attain environmental sustainability, increases in pro-
environmental behaviors (PEBs) are essential in virtually all 
consumption domains. Two penalties may inhibit a consumer 
from undertaking PEBs: an economic penalty involving 
an up-front price premium and an effort penalty requiring 
additional time expenditure. For different PEBs, these 
penalties may be high or low, and thus may pose different 
adoption barriers -- especially for consumers with different 
motivational orientations. For instance, an electric vehicle (EV) 
purchase may constitute a PEB for consumers motivated by 
environmental concern, whereas for other consumers an EV 
purchase may reflect an enthusiasm for innovative technology. 
This motivational difference may drive differential sensitivity 
to both the magnitude and type of penalty being faced, 
thereby affecting the perceived desirability of purchasing 
an EV. Although one might intuitively expect increased 
economic or time penalties to lower EV purchase desirability, 
some consumers may prefer elevated penalty levels, using 
them to publicly signify their environmental orientation. 
We examined these possibilities in a three factor, between-
subject experiment manipulating motivation (environment vs. 
technology), incremental price (low vs. high) and incremental 
time cost (low vs. high). Our findings show that EV purchase 
desirability varies across the eight study conditions. Those 
motivated by environmental concern respond differently 
to economic and time penalties than those motivated by 
an enthusiasm for technology. Environmental concern not 
only lessens sensitivity to incremental time costs, but also 
can reverse the customary negative relationship between 
price and purchase desirability. We identify factors that 
mediate the above effects.
2 - The Impact of Coronavirus Pandemic on 
Consumer Sustainable Consumption
Steve Zhang, PhD student, New York University Stern 
School of Business, New York, NY
Bryan K Bollinger, Randi Kronthal-Sacco, Levin Zhu
 The coronavirus pandemic has significantly altered many 
aspects of our life. Although recent literature has studied 
how consumers change their behaviors in the new norm 
of social distancing (Chetty et al., 2020; Tucker and Yu, 
2020), how the pandemic impacts consumers’ sustainable 
consumption has not been studied. This question is of great 
importance to both brands and researchers for several 
reasons. First, Bollinger et al. (2020) show that sustainable 
products are more likely to have price premiums over their 
non-sustainable counterparts. Whether sustainable products 
can maintain this premium in the economic downturn 
due to the pandemic, especially when the first wave of 
coronavirus hit the US, remains unclear, and we explore 
its relative impact on sustainable versus non-sustainable 
consumption. Second, small and large-scale experiments 
have confirmed that outdoor exposure can shift consumers’ 
sustainable behaviors (Nisbet and Zelenski, 2011; Alcock 
et al., 2020). The record number of outdoor visitations, due 
to the social distancing guidelines during the pandemic, 
has propelled us to hypothesize that outdoor visitations are 
among the mechanisms driving the coronavirus pandemic 
impact on sustainable consumption. Through the lens of 
social distancing, we combine public COVID case data and 
proprietary geo-location data with store-level retail scanner 
data to study how the coronavirus pandemic has changed 
consumers’ consumption of sustainable products. Our 
preliminary findings suggest that social distancing impacts 
consumers’ propensity to purchase products with labels 
promoting their sustainability. 
3 - CSR Vs. ESG: Choice of Name Reflects 
Underlying Approach to Corporate 
Sustainability
Tushmit M. Hasan, University of Texas at Austin, Austin, TX
Verdiana Giannetti, Raji Srinivasan
There has been a growing pressure on firms to be cognizant 
of their impact on society and the environment, but there has 
been much debate regarding whether firms’ engagement 
in corporate social responsibility (CSR) comes at the 
expense of shareholders. However, recently, there has been 
a renewed pressure on firms to improve their performance 
on environmental, social, and governance (ESG) issues, 
driven primarily by investors who are increasingly becoming 
interested in socially responsible investing (SRI). We believe 
that ESG is a re-emergence of the concept of corporate social 
responsibility (CSR) but with a key difference - we believe a 
firms’ choice in using CSR vs. ESG in their communication 
reflects their approach towards corporate sustainability. Using 
a panel dataset of tweets from S&P500 firms between 2015-
2020, we present empirical evidence of firms’ difference in 
focus via topic modeling. We investigate the drivers of firms’ 
choice to use CSR vs. ESG in their tweets. We also compare 
the stock market reactions to firms’ CSR vs. ESG tweets. 
Our results indicate that by moving away from the narrative-
based efforts of CSR towards goal-driven and metrics-
driven ESG efforts, certain types of firms may be generating 
better returns by approaching corporate sustainability as 
ESG rather than as CSR.
4 - Can Vegan Product Distribution Mitigate Food 
Deserts Disparities? A Natural Experiment 
from Burger King
Erya Ouyang, Temple Univeristy, Philadelphia, PA
Yang Wang, Xueming Luo
Using a large foot traffic dataset from SafeGraph, we 
construct a natural experiment to study the demand effects 
of Burger King’s plant-based protein product - Impossible 
Whopper- launch in the food deserts.We observe Point-
of-Interest (POI) level daily visits before and immediately 
following the Burger King’sIntroduction of Impossible 
Whopper. Our results show an increased foot traffic to Burger 
King relative to that of nearby gas station locations. By 
decomposing the visits by food deserts and socioeconomic 
variables, we find that the growth in visits to Burger King 
is mainly derived from non-food deserts locations and 
driven by people who live in neighborhoods with higher 
white population and higher education level. Additionally, 
we observe a distribution effect of increased visits from 
Food Deserts to Burger King locations in non-food deserts. 
Furthermore, we show that increased demand effect of 
Impossible Whopper is spilled over to grocery stores that 
carry plant-based product. Collectively our results highlight 
the effectiveness of Impossible Whopper’s introduction at 
mitigating partial food disparity issue in the food deserts.
FA12
Virtual Room 12
Consumer Behavior: Social Influence and Status
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Charles Light
University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI
1 - The Role of Emotions as Impression 
Management Device in the Sharing Economy
Camille Lacan, IAE University of Perpignan (CRESEM), 
Perpignan, France
Olga Goncalves
Host self-presentation strategy is key on digital platforms 
of the sharing economy and many hosts use their personal 
photo to shape their online impressions. Despite their 
importance, less is known for their influence on consumer 
decisions. This research fills the gap by examining how three 
emotional strategies (happiness, sadness and neutral) used 
by hosts in their profile picture influences the peer booking 
decision. Drawing on the impression management theory 
and a state-of-the-art deep learning model, this research 
reveals that hosts tend to display rather positive (happy face) 
and neutral emotions in their profile picture. However, the 
link between emotions and bookings is more complex than 
valence alone. Results indicate that there is a sadness penalty 
for female hosts and a happiness premium for male hosts, 
suggesting that gender is an important moderator of the 
emotional strategy. These findings offer guidance to manage 
its online self-presentation.
2 - Brand or Category Competition - The Effect of 
a Choice Set on Donation Decisions
Gil Peleg, Yeshiva University, NYC, NY
Oded Lowengart, Gal Gutman, Merav Weiss-Sidi
Charities, pro-social organizations, and social initiatives 
compete for private donations when they fundraise via gala 
events, social networks, fundraising websites, and other 
channels. The vast number of people and organizations 
soliciting donors for their money is enormous, making 
donors’ decisions highly complex. Potential donors pick up 
ques from rival organizations and incorporate these ques 
into their decision process to simplify the donation decision 
process. This research identifies these ques and examines 
how potential donors incorporate them into their decision 
process in a brand-level and category-level competition. 
Across four online studies, we show that although the ques 
are similar in both levels of competition, the importance that 
donors assign to them differs when facing different choice 
sets. While, for organizations that fight for various causes 
(i.e., fighting cancer or fighting heart disease), the cause 
is what matters, other characteristics become more critical 
for organizations that fight for the same cause (i.e. fighting 
poverty). Our findings expand the understanding of donation 
decisions and contribute to practitioners by suggesting 
differential communication approaches aligned with the 
level of competition.
3 - Status as a Fundamental Motive, Status 
Consumption and Well-being
Georgios Tamiolakis, PhD student, AUEB, Athens, Greece
George Baltas, Gregory Painesis
From an evolutionary perspective, the pursuit of social status 
is a fundamental human motive that often drives consumption 
of luxury products. This study explores the relationships 
among status-seeking behavior, conspicuous consumption of 
prestigious products and subjective well-being. In particular, 
we examine the link between status as a fundamental motive, 
subjective evaluation of life satisfaction, and the experience 
of positive and negative emotions. We consider the possible 
mediating role of the consumption of luxury goods that 
symbolize success and achievement and we try to determine 
the relationships among these constructs. Evolutionary 
psychologists suggest that there are two viable, yet distinct, 
strategies to attain and maintain status in human societies: 
Dominance, i.e., the use of force, intimidation, and coercion 
to induce fear and attain a social status and Prestige, i.e., the 
possession and sharing of valuable skills or expertise to gain 
respect and recognition. Therefore, a general status motive 
may lead people to engage in either dominance-based or 
prestige-based routes to status attainment. Dominance and 
prestige are characterized by distinct traits, emotions and 
behaviors as well as distinct signaling mechanisms. This 
study develops and empirically tests a model that shows 
that the effect of status seeking behavior on an individual’s 
subjective well-being is mediated by status consumption, only 
in the case of dominance-based strategy. Furthermore, we 
consider two distinct buying patterns of status consumption: 
bandwagon and snobbish status consumption. We find that 
bandwagon status consumption has a positive effect on 
well-being. Surprisingly, our findings reveal that snobbish 
buying behavior has a negative effect on well-being. In 
addition, the prestige-based strategy has a positive direct 
effect on evaluation of life satisfaction and emotions while 
the dominance-based strategy has a negative direct effect 
on the latter. Overall, it appears that the social aspects of 
consumption are more important drivers of well-being.
4 - How do Smart Citizens Favor Personal Data 
Markets under Surveillance Capitalism?
Charles Light, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI
Yixuan Wang, Ranjan Pal, Bodhibrata Nag
We investigate and rationalize how individuals in a surveilled 
developing economic society value a human-centric data 
economy (HCDE). We first design and conduct a non-online 
pilot field experiment on approximately 22500 human 
subjects across smart cities in India from 2014-2019, and 
collect data reflecting the impact of monetary incentives 
on these subjects to voluntarily trade their (personal) data 
in the digital surveillance age. Consequently, we study how 
various degrees of incentive influence subject preferences 
- both, when they are, or are not well-informed about the 
commercial malpractices their personal data might be 
subjected to. We analyze and rationalize (from the viewpoint 
of behavioral economics) two main observations in general 
for the Indian population: (i) despite being warned of the 
commercial malpractices associated with their personal 
data in the mobile and IoT age, they prefer to trade data 
for incentives, and (ii) the willingness of individuals to 
trade personal data is statistically heavy-tailed, and hints 
at following a weak power-law. The broader social impact 
of such HCDEs lie on three fronts: (1) a society preferring 
HCDEs will likely enable high-quality personal data to be 
collected by online (social) applications in a trustworthy 
fashion that subsequently will catalyse a much-improved 
AI-driven multi-stakeholder targeted advertising business, (2) 
the GDP-centric macroeconomic inequality in a developing 
economy might considerably reduce due to online (social) 
application users earning from their personal data, and (3) 
much to the like of these application businesses, users will 
invest in increased time and meaningful attention to the 
former that will act as upward spiral feedbacks on improved 
personal data collection.
FA13
Virtual Room 13
Information Design and Ecommerce
Special Sessions
Chair: Xiang Hui
Washington University in St. Louis, St. Louis, MO
Co-Chair: Meng Liu
Washington University in St. Louis, St. Louis, MO
1 - Safety Reviews on Airbnb: An Information Tale
Zhe Jin, University of Maryland, College Park, MD
Aron Culotta, Liad Wagman
Many online platforms facilitate and publish user reviews in 
order to build trust between anonymous buyers and sellers. 
At the same time, platforms can also monitor, filter, and 
remove certain user reviews, even if they reflect the true 
experiences of buyers. Using Airbnb and official crime data in 
five major US cities, we show that a recent Airbnb policy that 
discourages reviews about the safety of a listing’s vicinity, if 
fully implemented, would hurt guests but increase revenues 
from reservations on Airbnb, with positive sorting towards 
listings with such vicinity safety reviews. Because vicinity safety 
reviews are more closely correlated with official crime statistics 
in low-income and minority neighborhoods, our findings 
suggest that suppressing or highlighting vicinity safety reviews 
would have different effects on different neighborhoods.
2 - When Does a Brand-Influencer Matching 
AI Backfire?
Z. Jessie Liu, Johns Hopkins, Baltimore, MD
Yi Liu
We consider a social media platform that offers a matching 
service to match marketers with influencers through 
Artificial Intelligence (AI) technology. We find that, even 
if the implementation cost is negligible, it is not always 
in a platform’s best interest to adopt such AI technology 
or to perfect its AI accuracy. The results arise from two 
countervailing effects on the participation incentives of 
influencers, which in turn affects the platform’s profit. On 
the one hand, influencer marketing generates higher sales 
from a better influencer-marketer match, which benefits both 
influencers and the platform as they share a commission 
proportional to sales. On the other hand, if sales is high via 
an influencer’s recommendation channel, more users may 
stop following the influencer if they bought a low-quality 
product. The former sales effect induces the influencer to 
participate in a marketing campaign, whereas the latter 
quality concern effect deters one from doing so. Furthermore, 
the proportional size of loyal followers moderates the 
trade-off between these two effects. We derive conditions 
under which adopting such AI technology is profitable for a 
platform. We also extend our baseline model to study when 
and how a platform should integrate its AI strategy with its 
communication strategy for product quality assurance.
3 - Multi-dimensional Salesforce Compensation 
with Negotiated Prices 
Minkyung Kim, UNC Chapel Hill Kenan-Flagler Business 
School, Chapel Hill, NC
Pranav Jindal, Peter Newberry
In many settings where pricing is delegated to salespeople, 
firms provide the salespeople incentivesto not only sell more, 
but also to do so at higher prices. In this paper, we study 
the relativeimportance of pricing-focused and revenue-
focused incentives, and quantify the profitability ofdifferent 
designs for the pricing-focused incentives. Utilizing data 
from a large durable goodsretailer in the U.S., we outline 
and estimate a structural model of multitasking salesforce 
wherea salesperson jointly makes selling and negotiation 
decisions for multiple product types. Wefind that the disutility 
from negotiating varies by product type, and is comparable 
to that fromselling. Eliminating pricing-focused (revenue-
focused) incentives, while making the salespersonindifferent, 
lowers the retailer’s profit by 11% (10%) pointing to the 
relative importance ofpricing-focused incentives. Additionally, 
eliminating different features of pricing-focused incentives 
which vary in whether they incentivize salespeople to sell at 
higher or lower markups,result in lower profits for the retailer. 
These results are driven by (i) the possibility that effortsin 
selling and negotiating can either be substitutes due to effort 
cost considerations or complementsbecause of the demand 
response to change in prices, and (ii) the salesperson’s ability 
toreallocate efforts across product types in response to 
changes in the compensation scheme.
4 - Targeted Incentives, Broad Impacts: Evidence 
from an E-commerce Platform
Xiang Hui, Washington University in St. Louis, 
Saint Louis, MO
Meng Liu, Tat Y Chan
Digital platforms sometimes offer incentives to a subset of 
sellers to nudge behavior, possibly affecting the behavior 
of all sellers in the equilibrium. In this paper, we study a 
policy change on a large e-commerce platform that offers 
financial incentives only to platform-certified sellers when they 
provide fast handling and generous return policies on their 
listings. We find that both targeted and non-targeted sellers 
become more likely to adopt the promoted behavior after the 
policy change. Exploiting a large number of markets on the 
platform, we find that in markets with a larger proportion of 
the targeted population---hence more affected by the policy 
change---non-targeted sellers are more likely to adopt the 
promoted behavior and experience a larger increase in sales 
and equilibrium prices. This finding is consistent with our 
key insight that a targeted incentive may increase demand 
for non-targeted sellers when both platform certificates 
and the promoted behaviors are quality signals. Our results 
have managerial implications for digital platforms that use 
targeted incentives.
FA14
Virtual Room 14
Unstructured Data and Marketing I
Special Sessions
Chair: Shunyuan Zhang
Harvard Business School, Boston, MA
Co-Chair: Jochen Hartmann
University Hamburg, Hamburg, Germany
1 - The Role of Syntactic Entropy in the 
Effectiveness of Marketing Messages
Siham El Kihal, Frankfurt School of Finance & Management 
gGmbH, Frankfurt, Germany
A.Selin Atalay, Florian Ellsaesser
Language plays a key role in the effectiveness of marketing 
messages. Reaching a desired outcome requires arranging 
words to formulate a message (i.e., syntax). This task is not 
trivial. The authors study the role of syntax in marketing 
communications by focusing on syntactic entropy. Syntactic 
entropy refers to the average surprisal in the syntax of 
a message. A metric that captures syntactic entropy is 
introduced. The role of syntactic entropy in the effectiveness 
of marketing messages is tested using the syntactic entropy 
metric. In a series of studies including field data and 
randomized field experiments from contexts such as product 
descriptions, advertising, and product reviews, the authors 
show that the syntactic entropy of a message is related 
to its effectiveness. This relationship follows an inverted 
U-shape, such that medium syntactic entropy messages are 
most effective. The authors demonstrate how these findings 
can be used to write effective marketing messages. In two 
experiments conducted on Facebook, in collaboration with 
two independent companies, it is shown that all else being 
equal, ads written with medium syntactic entropy result 
in higher click-through rates than ads written with low or 
high syntactic entropy.
2 - Diversity in Advertising in Times of 
Racial Unrest
Oded Netzer, Columbia University, New York, NY
Jochen Hartmann, Rachel Zalta
Firms often attempt to reflect age, gender, and/or racial 
diversity in their promotional material. At the same time, 
recent social movements such as BlackLivesMatter (BLM) 
or MeToo have raised the awareness of social inequalities 
and biases that are omnipresent in our everyday lives. This 
research investigates racial diversity in U.S. advertising both 
in terms of supply—how diverse are the ads presented to 
consumers, and in terms of demand—how do consumers 
react to diverse vs. less diverse ads. If diverse ads lead 
to favorable consumer reaction, this could lead to a win-
win opportunity that could accelerate the representation 
of minorities in advertising. We further explore how the 
diversity in advertising has changed around the BLM protests 
surrounding the murder of George Floyd. To explore the 
diversity in advertising, we obtained a unique longitudinal 
dataset covering tens of thousands of display ads with 
hundreds of billions of impressions. We use robust, state-of-
the-art machine learning methods to understand diversity 
compositions on these ads.Between January 2019 and 
July 2021, we observe an overall positive trend in terms of 
including minority models in digital ads (esp. Black models) 
as well as in terms of consumers’ response to ads that feature 
Black models (in terms of click-through rates). The murder of 
George Floyd in May 2020, which has caused a global wave of 
protests about racial inequality, is associated with a temporary 
increase of the inclusion of Black models in advertising 
and more positive reaction of consumers to ads with Black 
models. However, both these effects levelled off quickly. 
Overall, our results suggest social movements like BLM can 
spill over to advertising, enabling a win-win strategy that may 
help expedite diversity in advertising.
3 - What Makes for a Good Thumbnail? Video 
Content Summarization into a Single Image
Jasmine Yang, Columbia University, New York, NY
Oded Netzer
Given the unprecedented proliferation of video content 
available on digital platforms, thumbnails - reduced-size 
preview images or clips - have become increasingly important 
in helping consumers navigate through videos during their 
search process. Conventional wisdom holds that like a book 
cover or a movie poster, an effective thumbnail should 
be both attractive and serve as a synthesis or summary 
of the video content, allowing viewers to decide which 
video to watch. Despite their importance, little attention 
has been given in the marketing literature to explore how 
viewers choose and react to videos based on thumbnails, 
and consequently what makes for a good thumbnail to 
summarize and promote videos. In this research, we explore 
the relationship between the thumbnail of a video (relative to 
the video content) and viewers’ subsequent video reactions 
(e.g., views, watch duration, and engagement). We analyze 
thumbnails from the perspective of image content, aesthetics 
and emotions using state-of-art text-mining, computer vision 
and deep learning tools. Based on the extracted features at 
both the thumbnail and video frame level, we construct a set 
of measures to study how thumbnails relate to videos, and 
draw on the expectation-disconfirmation theory to explain 
viewers’ video reactions based on thumbnails. Our results 
suggest that, when it comes to videos, clickbait thumbnails 
may lead to lower engagement and retention of video 
viewership, and highlight the importance of using content 
representative frames. We propose optimal thumbnails to use 
for different video outcomes and emphasize the importance 
of embracing thumbnails in creators’ promotion workflows for 
better video engagement.
4 - Winning the Attention Race: Analyzing Video 
Popularity and Content Evolution on TikTok
Zijun Tian, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA
Ryan Dew, Raghuram Iyengar
We explore the empirical regularities governing the diffusion 
of content on the recently popular social media platform 
TikTok, including video and hashtag-level drivers of content 
popularity. TikTok is a unique social media platform focused 
on the sharing of short videos. Similar to social media 
platforms like Twitter, TikTok features hashtags that organize 
user generated content. However, unlike other social media 
platforms, TikTok also features a special type of hashtag, 
the challenge, that encourages users to generate (rather 
than merely share) content matching a particular theme. 
Combining both classical ideas from the literature on diffusion 
on social networks with cutting-edge multiview representation 
learning methods, we explore how these challenges grow 
in popularity, what factors explain the popularity of both 
challenges and videos within them, and how the content 
within hashtags evolves over time. These insights have 
implications for firm management of social media campaigns.
Friday, 10am - 1:30PM
FBC01
Virtual Room 01
Gary Lilien ISMS-EMAC-MSI 2022 Practice 
Prize Finalists
Special Sessions
Chair: Lan Luo
University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA
1 - Effect of Front-of-pack Labels on the 
Nutritional Quality of Supermarket 
Food Purchases
Paulo Albuquerque, INSEAD, Fontainebleau, 
77305, France
Pierre Dubois, Natalie Rigal, Bernard Ruffieux, Pierre 
Chandon, Olivier Allais, Céline Bonnet, Patrice Bertail, 
Pierre Combris, Saadi Lahlou
To examine whether four pre-selected front-of-pack nutrition 
labels improve food purchases in real-life grocery shopping 
settings, we put 1.9 million labels on 1266 food products 
in four categories in 60 supermarkets and analyzed the 
nutritional quality of 1,668,301 purchases using the FSA 
nutrient profiling score. Effect sizes were 17 times smaller on 
average than those found in comparable laboratory studies. 
The most effective nutrition label, Nutri-Score, increased 
the purchases of foods in the top third of their category 
nutrition-wise by 14%, but had no impact on the purchases 
of foods with medium, low, or unlabeled nutrition quality. 
Therefore, Nutri-Score only improved the nutritional quality of 
the basket of labeled foods purchased by 2.5% (−0.142 FSA 
points). Nutri-Score’s performance improved with the variance 
(but not the mean) of the nutritional quality of the category. 
In-store surveys suggest that Nutri-Score’s ability to attract 
attention and help shoppers rank products by nutritional 
quality may explain its performance.
2 - Reducing Net Product Returns through Green 
Nudges and Causal Machine Learning
Oliver Hinz, Goethe University Frankfurt, 
Frankfurt, Germany
Moritz von Zahn, Cristina Mihale-Wilson, Kevin Bauer, 
Maximilian Speicher, Johanna Jagow
As free customer deliveries are becoming a standard in 
E-commerce, product returns pose a growing challenge to 
online retailers and society. For retailers, product returns 
create considerable costs associated with transportation, 
labor, disposal and infrastructure to manage returns. From a 
societal perspective, increasing product returns contribute 
to increased pollution, additional trash, and often a waste of 
natural resources. Due to these costs, companies and society 
are interested in reducing product returns. However, despite 
strong entrepreneurial and public interest in minimizing 
product returns, retailers on a micro level possess only very 
few effective instruments to minimize product returns without 
harming customer demand and net sales. In this work, we 
propose a novel product return prevention instrument (Smart 
Green Nudging) that leverages Causal Machine Learning 
(CML) and the availability of rich customer and contextual 
data sources to identify and nudge selected customers 
towards better shopping choices that will yield reduced 
product returns without diminishing customer demand and 
net sales. We evaluate the performance of the proposed 
returns prevention instrument with real-world data from 
the German online shop of a large European retailer. We 
demonstrate in a randomized field experiment with ~1 million 
visitors that showing a green nudge to all customers (Naïve 
Green Nudging) can reduce product returns but also incurs a 
decrease in demand, which however ultimately translates to 
higher net profits. Further, we demonstrate the superiority of 
Smart Green Nudging over Naïve Green Nudging in terms 
of both product returns and firm profits. Specifically, in our 
randomized field experiment, when compared to Naïve 
Green Nudging, the Smart Green Nudging strategy curtails 
product return by additional +1.23% and increases profits 
by additional +3.61%. Overall, this paper demonstrates the 
efficacy of using state-of-the-art CML to customize minimally 
invasive behavioral nudges in the digital environment as a 
means to tackle business and societal problems.
3 - Personalization in Email Marketing: The Role 
of Non-informative Advertising Content
Navdeep S Sahni, Stanford University, Stanford, CA
Chirstian Wheeler, Pradeep Chintagunta
We collaborated with three companies selling a diverse set 
of products, and conducted randomized field experiments in 
which experimentally tailored email ads were sent to millions 
of individuals. We found consistently that personalizing 
the emails by adding consumer-specific information (e.g., 
recipient’s name) benefited the advertisers. Importantly, 
such content is not about the advertised product or the 
company. In our main experiment, we found that adding the 
name of the message recipient to the email’s subject line 
increased the probability of the recipient opening it by 20%, 
which translated to an increase in sales’ leads by 31% and a 
reduction in the number of individuals unsubscribing from 
the email campaign by 17%. We present similar experiments 
conducted with other companies, which show that the effects 
we document extend from objectives ranging from acquiring 
new customers to retaining customers who have purchased 
from the company in the past. Our investigation of several 
possible mechanisms suggests that such content increases 
the effort consumers make in processing the other content 
in the rest of the advertising message. Our paper quantifies 
the benefits from personalization and sheds light on the role 
of noninformative advertising content by analyzing several 
detailed measures of recipient’s interaction with the message. 
It provides external validity to psychological mechanisms 
and demonstrates their practical implications for the firms 
designing their advertising campaigns.
4 - Promotional Campaign Duration and Word-of-
Mouth in Solar Panel Adoption
Bryan K Bollinger, NYU Stern School of Business, 
New York, NY
Kenneth Gillingham, Stefan Lamp, Tsevtan Tsevatov
Intensive marketing campaigns can be used to increase 
awareness, consideration, purchase, and word-of-mouth 
(WOM) of pro-social products. With expanded interest and 
belief in how social norms and spillovers might be leveraged 
to combat climate change, it is critical to understand how 
campaigns designed to leverage such peer effects can be 
best designed. In this paper, we study the role of campaign 
duration on solar photovoltaic adoption using a large-scale 
field experiment, in which we randomly assign communities 
to campaigns with shorter durations, increasing the marketing 
intensity to maintain the same total resources per campaign. 
We find that the shorter and longer campaigns are equally 
effective while they are running, but the longer campaigns 
generate more WOM and therefore lead to more adoption 
post campaign than the shorter campaign. The shorter 
campaigns led to 34.8 fewer installations per town in the 
two years after the campaigns concluded, increasing the 
cost per acquisition from $1,566 to $4,367, the former being 
substantially lower than installers’ self-reported acquisition 
costs, and the latter being substantially higher.
Friday, 10:15–11:15am
FB02
Virtual Room 02
Pricing II
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Wei Miao
University College London, London, United Kingdom
1 - Algorithmic Pricing and Adaptive Bias: 
Evidence from Insurance Industry
Ozge Demirci, University of Warwick, London, 
United Kingdom
Firms today use algorithmic pricing to set prices in an 
automated way. Insurance companies also use pricing 
algorithms to offer quotes which are usually different for 
men and women. As male and female drivers differ in their 
accident and claim statistics, pricing algorithms use this as 
a reason for gender-based pricing. Although this can be 
efficient for firms to differentiate between risk groups, it is also 
statistical discrimination to take someone’s group belonging 
into account while pricing them. This paper focuses on the 
recent policy change in California requiring gender-neutral 
pricing in auto insurance. By exploiting the variation across 
states and using a difference-in-differences method, I show 
that the insurance price gap between male and female 
drivers decreased by 6 percentage points after the policy. 
It reduced premiums for young males, the riskiest group, 
but they increased for young females, as companies cannot 
differentiate between these two groups now. Leveraging 
different machine learning methods, including penalized 
regressions and random forest, I estimate consumer features 
that predict gender. By extracting data from thousands of 
insurance filings, I construct a unique dataset that captures 
pricing algorithms for different insurance providers. I show 
that insurance pricing algorithms start to proxy gender with 
other information already collected by firms. Hence, these 
characteristics correlated with gender gain more weight in the 
pricing algorithm. Drivers using specific car models associated 
with young males, the riskiest group, end up paying up to 
20 percent more irrespective of their gender and driving 
records. It is an example of how well-intended regulatory 
policies can adapt discrimination in other forms rather than 
eliminating thoroughly. This paper aims to contribute to 
the growing literature investigating how algorithmic pricing 
may perpetuate the bias embedded in previous customer 
data, even though the anti-discrimination policies aim to 
achieve more equity.
2 - Does Price Discount Satisfy Consumers and 
Lead Them to Consume Efficiently?
Yeji Lim, California State University, Fullerton, CA
Kyungsik Nam
This paper proposes a consumer’s dynamic utility 
maximization model with inequality constraint when firms 
adopt a tiered pricing scheme to promote efficient electricity 
consumption. There have been only a few relevant marketing 
literatures for electricity price because electricity conceptually 
tends to be considered a public good. However, electricity 
is a private good in the sense that consumers should pay 
for their consumption, and firms need to satisfy consumers 
with their service. As consumers have been working at 
home for the last two to three years due to the COVID-19 
pandemic, moreover, consumers’ dependency on electricity 
has been increased. Since even policymakers have interests 
and concern the stable supply to maintain the quality of 
the consumer’s life, the firms’ problem in this market has 
become more complicated. To solve the firms’ pricing, 
profit maximization, and consumer retention, it is critical to 
understand how consumers behave under the tiered pricing 
with an energy efficiency program. Using the large empirical 
data extracted from the Korea Electric Power Corporation 
(KEPCO) of the Republic of Korea, we analyze the consumers’ 
dynamic model and estimate the consumers’ behavioral 
choices over time. We find that consumers’ utility turns 
out to be higher when the marginal price is lower than the 
satisfaction factor for electricity consumption. Also, we find 
that the pricing discount cannot lead consumers to consume 
electrics efficiently in the long run, although firms discount 
marginal prices for efficient consumption.
3 - Online Content Paywall Configurations: A 
Randomized Field Experiment
Lucas Stich, Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität München, 
München, Germany
Robert Rußell, Benedikt Berger, Martin Spann, 
Thomas Hess
Digitalization has exacerbated the monetization of news 
content, such that insufficient digital advertising revenues 
have pushed news publishers to introduce digital paywalls 
and freemium models to monetize their digital content, 
restricting free content offerings in terms of either choice 
(premium paywall) or quantity (metered paywall). However, 
the effectiveness of digital paywall configurations and their 
potential interactions remains uncertain, particularly with 
regard to converting free users into paying subscribers. 
Leveraging user-level activity data from a field experiment 
with more than 19.8 million anonymous users at a large U.S. 
news website, this research measures the effects of a new 
metered paywall, added to an existing premium paywall, on 
users’ conversion, consumption, and retention behaviors. 
Among users consuming enough content to be affected by 
the metered paywall, the introduction of the paywall resulted 
in a significant decrease in the number of website visits and 
article views, but increased the likelihood of conversion. 
Furthermore, comparing the retention rates of subscribers 
across experimental groups suggests variation in the shares 
of subscribers retained after two months. These results have 
relevant implications for media companies seeking to design 
an optimal digital paywall configuration.
4 - Foe or Friend: Flat-rate Pricing and Market 
Outcome in the Ride-hailing Market
Wei Miao, Assistant Professor, University College London, 
London, United Kingdom
Junhong Chu
Flat-rate pricing has become increasingly popular in the 
ride-hailing industry. We take advantage of a policy change 
in which a leading ride-hailing company in Singapore 
introduced an origin-destination-based flat-fare option to 
study the causal effects of flat-rate pricing on drivers’ shift 
income, labor supply, as well as riders’ welfare. With a series 
of generalized difference-in-differences analyses, we find 
that the introduction of flat-rate pricing led to higher shift 
income for drivers. Our mechanism analyses further show 
that the increased shift income was not due to changes 
in the extensive margin of drivers’ labor supply: Affected 
drivers did not extend their shift hours; rather, it was caused 
by the improvement over drivers’ intensive margin of labor 
supply: The flat-rate option incentivized drivers to take more 
efficient routes with shorter durations on both flat-rate trips 
and metered trips, and the saved driving time enabled 
drivers to take more trips without needing to extend shift 
hours nor reduce break time. Meanwhile, flat-rate option also 
improves riders’ welfare because riders can now reach their 
destinations faster without being detoured. This suggests 
that flat-rate pricing was not a zero-sum game between 
drivers and riders but a win-win strategy for both sides of the 
ride-hailing market.
FB03
Virtual Room 03
Influencer Marketing VI
Special Sessions
Chair: Andreas Lanz
HEC Paris, Paris, France
Co-Chair: Renana Peres
The Hebrew University, Jerusalem, Israel
1 - Does it Help to be Creative on Tiktok?
Marc Bravin, University of Lucerne, Lucerne, Switzerland
Melanie Clegg, Reto Hofstetter, Marc Pouly
Jonah Berger
It is often suggested that originality boosts success on 
social media, yet content with surprisingly low originality 
oftentimes becomes viral. For instance, millions of TikTok 
users copy each other by performing the same trending 
dance. Using more than 490,000 videos from TikTok, we train 
a machine learning model that enables us to examine when 
and how originality helps or harms the liking of content. 
Counterintuitively, we find that originality rather backfires and 
reduces content liking.Our approach is as follows: First, we 
train a machine learning model to determine the originality 
of each video. The model is based on a 3D convolutional 
neural network, which simultaneously maximizes the similarity 
between transformed views of the same video and minimizes 
the similarity between transformed views of different videos. 
The resulting extracted semantic video embeddings are 
used to calculate the local outlier factor (LOF), defined as the 
density deviation of a data point to its k neighbors.Second, 
we use the LOF as independent variable to predict the likes 
a dancing video receive in multiple regression models. In our 
first model, we find a significant negative effect of originality 
on the number of likes. We control for user and music fixed 
effects in models 2 and 3, respectively, and find that the 
coefficient decreases consistently with this assumption. Model 
4 includes four additional controls (number of days the video 
was online, popularity, and originality × popularity). We find 
that the later a user adopted a song in the sequence of 
adopters, the more likes the video receives (interpreted as 
higher popularity). We find a significant interaction between 
popularity and originality, showing that the harmful influence 
of originality is dampened for later adopters. Two additional 
lab experiments test and demonstrate the causality of the 
negative originality effect.
2 - Growing Sales with Influencers in 
Livestreaming Commerce
Xian Gu, Indiana University, Bloominton, IN
Xiaoxi Zhang, Pallassana K Kannan
The rapid growth of high-speed mobile internet and 
technology has enabled live video streaming to become 
ubiquitous in recent years. As a result, livestreaming 
commerce, which combines live video streaming and 
e-commerce, has become quite popular. Despite its 
popularity, little is known about which factors contribute to 
the success of livestreaming commerce and how businesses 
should develop their product promotion strategies to 
maximize sales during a live event. In this research, we 
focus on the contribution of influencers (streamers) to sales 
and the two major factors that businesses consider when 
choosing influencers to livestream their sales events: the 
popularity of influencers and the number of influencers. 
Marketers may choose to employ a single influencer with a 
large number of followers (a big influencer) to reach a large 
audience (a popularity-focused strategy) or they could reach 
an audience of similar size using multiple small influencers 
(a quantity-focused strategy). Using data from live events 
on the Chinese version of TikTok, we empirically quantify 
the effectiveness of both the popularity-focused and the 
quantity-focused influencer strategies on product sales. In 
particular, we find that a single big influencer can outperform 
ten small influencers promoting the same product. Moreover, 
we uncover an interesting negative interaction between 
the two strategies, implying that pursuing both popularity-
focused and quantity-focused strategies at the same time 
may not always be ideal. Based on additional analyses, we 
highlight important differences between the popularity-
focused and quantity-focused strategies across various 
livestreaming characteristics.
3 - Friend or Foe: The Impact of Video UGC on 
Video Game Sales and Usage
Jinhee Huh, University of Calgary, Calgary, AB, Canada
Lingling Zhang, Pallassana K Kannan
Consumers increasingly use online videos to share 
experiences about products. Compared with text-based 
content, user-generated video (UGV) content is more visual 
and auditory and thus can be more engaging. However, 
it runs the risk of spoiling the consumption experience, 
especially for information goods. In this research, we examine 
the impact of UGVs on sales and usage for online video 
games. We compile a unique and comprehensive data set 
from multiple sources and specify a dynamic panel data 
model to estimate the heterogeneous effects of UGVs. 
Our results indicate that UGVs by popular influencers have 
a positive impact on sales and the effect is stronger for 
games from small developers; however, such positive effect 
dissipates post purchase. In contrast, UGVs by less popular 
influencers hurt non-strategy game sales and usage. With an 
affective content analysis, we demonstrate how UGVs from 
influencers of different popularity levels differ in their audio 
and visual features, which further affect viewers’ responses. 
Our findings have managerial implications for the video-game 
industry. Video-game developers can use our research to 
determine the appropriate policies on whether and how UGVs 
can be uploaded, promoted, and monetized.
4 - Second Screening While Watching TV: The 
Role of Different User Groups and Effects on 
Repeat Viewing
Renana Peres, The Hebrew University, Jerusalem, Israel
Sarah Gelper, Mitchell Lovett
TV viewers often use other devices such as their mobile or 
tablet while watching. Such second screening is of interest 
for practitioners to enhance engagement and increase 
viewership. This paper studies the determinants, usage, and 
effects of second screening, accounting for a broad set of 
influences such as online and offline communications and 
exposures to show promos. We use large-scale individual-
level data from mobile diaries of 1,702 US TV viewers on 2,755 
primetime TV shows over 3-6 weeks. The data are augmented 
with show airing, promo exposure, and individual-level 
people meter data. Second screening occurs in 16% of the 
viewing reports. 56% of the second screening is unrelated 
to the show, and 44% is show-related communication or 
information search. Latent class analysis identifies four viewer 
segments: heavy viewers, sports enthusiasts, sitcom viewers, 
and light viewers. The heavy viewer segment is more likely 
to do show-related second screening. Causal forest analysis 
shows that communicating about a show while viewing has 
a positive impact on the viewing intentions while unrelated 
second screening has a negative effect. However, this 
dual effect holds only for the heavy viewer segment and 
for infrequent viewers of the show, and only for viewing 
intentions, not actual viewing.
FB04
Virtual Room 04
Retailing I
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Zhonglin Li
University of Chicago Booth School of Business, 
Chicago, IL
1 - Rising Retail Concentration: Superstar Firms 
and Household Demand
Justin Leung, National University of Singapore, Singapore
Zhonglin Li
This paper investigates market concentration in the US retail 
sector. We use store- and household-level consumption 
micro-data from 2004-2019 to document four facts linked by a 
decomposition: 1) rising national concentration, 2) negligible 
change in regional concentration, 3) rising household 
concentration and heterogeneity across households, and 4) 
increased one-stop shopping. On the supply side, we find 
that increasing local availability of superstar retailers, rises in 
product variety, and changes in pricing explain a portion of 
these trends. On the demand side, we find that increases in 
households’ opportunity cost of time are also key drivers. We 
develop a model that can rationalize these results to highlight 
the implications for market power and welfare.
2 - The Influence of Product Location Changes on 
Consumer In-store Consideration and Choice
Ella J Xu, New York University, New York, NY
Bryan K Bollinger, Raluca Ursu
In this paper, we study the role of in-store product location 
changes on consumers’ decision-making processes. We 
study this question with a novel data set that combines 
product sales and household transaction data with in-store 
consumer eye-tracking data. We find that changes in product 
locations disrupt consumers’ habitual buying behavior. 
Consumers have a tendency to begin their search close to 
the previous location of products they purchased before, and 
their searches are less focused after these product locations 
change. This then leads consumers to consider products 
they have not previously purchased. After a previously 
purchased product moves, we find that consumers are 
more likely to purchase other products that are proximate 
to both the previous and new locations of their previously 
purchased products, especially those from brands they 
have not yet purchased. These findings have implications 
for retailers reorganizing their store and aisle layouts, and 
for manufacturers for whom consumers’ habitual buying 
processes provide barriers to new consumer acquisition and/
or increased brand and product loyalty.
3 - Permanent Income and Marketing Outcomes
Randolph E Bucklin, UCLA, Los Angeles, CA
Rafael Becerril
The marketing literature has documented that the income 
elasticities of marketing outcomes tend to be relatively 
small, suggesting that income may not be an important 
driver of consumer behavior. On the other hand, marketing 
practitioners attribute a more significant role to consumer 
income. We explore whether income effects on marketing 
outcomes are significantly larger when measured in terms 
of permanent income instead of reported income, as in the 
consumer panel data typically available to marketers. To 
compute permanent income, we rely on a standard method in 
macroeconomics and adapt it for use on Nielsen Homescan 
panelists. We find that, unlike reported income, permanent 
income predicts marketing outcomes such as basket size, 
the number of products and brands in the basket, the 
proportion of expenditure allocated to produce, and use 
of coupon. We estimate the permanent income elasticity of 
grocery expenditure to be 0.37, whereas the reported-income 
elasticity estimate is 0.05.
4 - Big-box Store Expansion and 
Consumer Welfare
Zhonglin Li, University of Chicago Booth School of 
Business, Chicago, IL
Justin H Leung
Supercenters and warehouse clubs have grown rapidly in the 
US in recent decades. These big-box retail establishments 
are physically large to enable one-stop shopping, offering a 
broad range of product categories with relatively low prices. 
In this paper, we study how the entry of these big-box stores 
affect household consumption and welfare. We first present 
an event study of the store entries of four major big-box 
retail chains to provide empirical evidence that households 
change various dimensions of their shopping behavior, such 
as product varieties per shopping trip and prices paid, in ways 
that are strongly consistent with store characteristics. We then 
develop a novel multi-store multi-category choice model to 
quantify and disentangle the effects of product variety, prices, 
and other store characteristics on consumer welfare. We 
show that households benefit substantially from consuming in 
supercenters relative to competing retailers, highlighting the 
importance of the store format.
FB05
Virtual Room 05
Location Analytics and Consumer Location 
Intelligence
Special Sessions
Chair: Natasha Zhang Foutz
University of Virginia, University of Virginia, 
Charlottesville, VA, 22904
Co-Chair: Baohong Sun
Cheung Kong Graduate School of Business, 
New York, NY
1 - Incorporating Co-locations into Deep 
Heterogeneous Network Representation 
Learning for POI Prediction
Hanyu Zhang, Emory University, Atlanta, GA
Kunpeng Zhang, David A Schweidel
Mobile location data has been used to deliver targeted 
advertising and predict future behavior. Yet, most marketing 
research leveraging such data focuses on the behavior of 
individual consumers. In this research, we empirically assess 
the value of incorporating co-location networks into a 
predictive model of future point-of-interest (POI) visits. To do 
so, we first formulate a heterogeneous information network 
capturing semantic relations among different types of entities 
(e.g., users and POIs). We then implement a deep network 
representation learning method to investigate the latent and 
complex relations among users and POIs. Our preliminary 
results demonstrate that the addition of the co-location 
network improves predictive performance by 108.75% 
compared to baseline models that ignore such data. Our 
findings demonstrate the potential use for mobile location 
data to construct such networks to support marketing efforts.
2 - Persistence of Consumer Lifestyle Choices: 
Evidence from Restaurant Delivery 
During COVID-19
Daniel M McCarthy, Emory University, Atlanta, GA
We study the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on customer 
purchasing behavior in the restaurant delivery category in 
the and, particularly, the extent to which pandemic-driven 
shocks to purchasing behavior have persisted even as 
consumers’ lifestyles are returning to a new normal. We 
apply age-period-cohort (APC) models, commonly used 
in sociology but with limited adoption in marketing, to 
nonparametrically decompose customer behavior into 
acquisition cohort, tenure, and calendar time effects. This 
approach, in conjunction with an event study approach, allows 
us to flexibly estimate the time-varying effects of ubiquitous 
events such as COVID, where no contemporaneous control 
group is available, by comparing the behavior of cohorts 
acquired at different times. We estimate that pandemic-
related disruptions initially more than doubled customers’ 
aggregate spending. As of Summer 2021, the lift in sales 
was still approximately one-third of its early pandemic peak, 
despite evidence that the pandemic-driven shocks driving the 
initial lift had abated, due to a sizeable segment of customers 
continuing to purchase at elevated rates. This persistent 
behavior is consistent with some consumers having formed 
habits around delivery. However, this persistence appears to 
gradually decay over time, suggesting that habits acquired 
during COVID may not last indefinitely.
3 - Profiling user Decisions on Choosing POIs
Charles Liu, University of Tennessee- Knoxville, 
Konxville, TN
While Point-of-Interest (POI) recommendation has been 
a popular topic of study for some time, little progress has 
been made for understanding why and how people make 
their decisions for the selection of POIs. To this end, in this 
paper, we propose a user decision profiling framework, 
named PROUD, which can identify the key factors in people’s 
decisions on choosing POIs. Specifically, we treat each user 
decision as a set of factors and provide a method for learning 
factor embeddings. A unique perspective of our approach 
is to identify key factors, while preserving decision structures 
seamlessly, via a novel scalar projection maximization 
objective. Exactly solving the objective is non-trivial due to a 
sparsity constraint. To address this, our PROUD adopts a self 
projection attention and an L2 regularized sparse activation 
to directly estimate the likelihood of each factor to be a key 
fac-tor. Finally, extensive experiments on real-world data 
validate the advantage of PROUD in preserving user decision 
structures. Also, our case study indicates that the identified 
key decision factors can help us to provide more interpretable 
recommendations and analyses.
4 - Cables Instead of Bottles? The Role of Digital 
Divide in Reducing Crimes Associated Alcohol 
Consumption
Fanruo Wang, University of Rochester, Rochester, NY
Weiguang Wang, Fanruo Wang
Since various evidence has shown that alcohol is a breeding 
ground for crime, regulatingalcohol consumption has 
been a desired but challenging task is society. Historical 
prohibitionon alcohol supply and consumption resulted in 
unwanted consequences, which furtherescalated crimes. 
While studies focus on negative outcomes during regulations, 
it is unclearwhether retaliatory alcohol consumption would 
lead to adverse results once regulation is removed. This 
paper investigates this question by taking a perspective of 
digital divide. AsInternet has deeply penetrated into our daily 
life, it becomes addictive with theoretically andbiologically 
similar mechanisms as alcohol. By leveraging the difference 
in liquor regulationduring COVID-19 pandemic in Maryland 
and Pennsylvania, this paper utilizes over 1.6 millionmobile 
location observations of 6,474 users and combines various 
data sources. Usinga difference-in-differences model, we 
confirm an increase in crimes caused by the retaliatoryalcohol 
consumption. Further, an investigate on the role of Internet 
use shows surprisingfindings. We find that people with 
high-speed internet are less likely to resume alcohol 
purchasesafter reopening, which consequentially reduced 
the crimes. Further analyses indicatethe substitution between 
Internet and alcohol is particularly strong in addressing 
drinkers’ socialexpectancies instead of the expectancies 
of tension reduction.
FB06
Virtual Room 06
AI Adoption
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Yingda Lu
University of Illinois-Chicago, Chicago, IL, 60607, 
1 - An AI Method to Score Celebrity Visual 
Potential from Human Faces
Xiaohang Feng, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA
Shunyuan Zhang, Xiao Liu, Kannan Srinivasan
Alberto I Duran
Celebrities have extraordinary abilities to attract and influence 
others. Predicting celebrity visual potential is important in the 
domains of business, politics, media, and entertainment. Can 
we use human faces to predict celebrity visual potential? If so, 
which facial features have the most impact on celebrity visual 
potential? We develop a three-step empirical framework that 
leverages computer vision techniques to predict celebrity 
visual potential from face images. In the prediction step, we 
optimize a ResNet-50 deep learning model on a large dataset 
of 6,000 celebrity images and 6,000 non-celebrity images 
and achieve 95.92% accuracy. In the interpretation step, we 
draw on psychology, economics, and behavioral marketing 
literature to select 11 interpretable facial features (e.g., width-
to-height ratio). We calculate the direction and strength of 
the feature’s correlation with celebrity visual potential. We 
find that the facial width-to-height ratio, babyfaceness, and 
thin jaw contribute negatively to celebrity visual potential 
while sexual dimorphism, dark skin color, and large eyes 
contribute positively. In the mechanism step, we compare 
the interpretation results with extant theoretical relationships 
between facial features and celebrity visual potential, with 
personality traits as mediators. Contradicting theoretical 
predictions, we discover a negative correlation between 
averageness and celebrity visual potential. We demonstrate 
the generalizability of our results to media/entertainment and 
business domains. We also conduct experiments to compare 
our model-predicted scores with human-rated scores on 
celebrity-visual potential for further validation.
2 - Creating A Happy Employee: Impact of AI 
Adoption in Customer Service
Shunyuan Zhang, Harvard Business School, Boston, MA
Das Narayandas
Companies adopt Artificial Intelligence (AI) to improve the 
customers-CSAs (customer service agents) interactions. 
An emerging yet nascent research stream examines the 
impact of adopting AI on company sales and on customer 
satisfaction. Yet, the impact of AI on sentiment of the CSA 
remains unanswered. CSA sentiment plays a critical role 
in customer support function because 1) frontline CSAs 
influence customer loyalty, and 2) improved sentiment can 
reduce the employee turnover, which has big implications for 
any company. In particular, AI that augments CSAs induces 
AI-CSA interactions, and the final outcome of adopting an AI 
model hence relies not only the performance of AI, but how 
CSAs perceive, use, and interact with AI. To our knowledge, 
this research is the first to examine the role that AI plays in 
affecting CSA sentiment. We worked with a meal delivery 
company and designed a randomized controlled trial (RCT) 
where 30% of CSAs were randomly selected to use AI for six 
weeks, before AI became open to all CSAs. The CSAs served 
customers on three channels—Email, Phone, and Chat; the 
company adopted AI on Chat in 2021. The AI suggests replies 
that can be selected to respond to a customer message 
for CSAs to have real-time, back-and-forth conversations. 
We asked CSAs to rate their daily feelings from Very 
Unhappy to Very Happy. Exploiting the exogeneous variation 
in AI adoption, we find: 1) AI improved CSA’s sentiment 
on Chat. Yet when same CSAs shifted on other channels 
(without AI), they were negatively affected by cross-channels 
spillovers, and 2) AI had a positive (negative) impact on 
making a CSA Happy (Very Happy). We reason that AI make 
CSAs’ worker easier, while hurt their intrinsic passion. We 
found that AI was more effective in helping the inexperienced 
and/or underperforming CSAs. For companies in launching 
AI, in addition to the role of AI among users and places where 
AI is directly applied, interactions among contexts should 
also be considered. In addition to how AI might affect the 
direct sales and cost, companies should understand how their 
employee will perceive and react to an adoption of AI.
3 - Complementing Human Effort in Online 
Reviews: A Deep Learning Approach 
to Automatic Content Generation and 
Review Synthesis
Praveen K Kopalle, Dartmouth College, Hanover, NH
Keith Carlson, Allen Riddell, Dan Rockmore
Prasad Vana
Online product reviews are ubiquitous and helpful sources 
of information available to consumers for making purchase 
decisions. Consumers rely on both the quantitative aspects 
of reviews such as valence and volume as well as textual 
descriptions to learn about product quality and fit. In this 
paper we show how new achievements in natural language 
can provide an important assist for different kinds of review-
related writing tasks. Working in the interesting context of 
wine reviews, we demonstrate that machines are capable 
of performing the critical marketing task of writing expert 
reviews directly from a fairly small amount of product attribute 
data (metadata). We conduct a kind of Turing Test to evaluate 
human response to our machine-written reviews and show 
strong support for the assertion that machines can write 
reviews that are indistinguishable from those written by 
experts. Rather than replacing the human review writer, we 
envision a workflow wherein machines take the metadata as 
inputs and generate a human readable review as a first draft 
of the review and thereby assist an expert reviewer in writing 
their review. We next modify and apply our machine-writing 
technology to show how machines can be used to write a 
synthesis of a set of product reviews. For this last application 
we work in the context of beer reviews (for which there is a 
large set of available reviews for each of a large number of 
products) and produce machine-written review syntheses 
that do a good job - measured again through human 
evaluation - of capturing the ideas expressed in the reviews 
of any given beer. For each of these applications, we adapt 
the Transformer neural net architecture. The work herein is 
broadly applicable in marketing, particularly in the context 
of online reviews. We close with suggestions for additional 
applications of our model and approach as well as other 
directions for future research.
4 - Love Despite Flaws-impact of Algorithmic 
Decision Systems on Inventory 
Ordering Decisions
Yingda Lu, University of Illinois-Chicago, Chicago, IL
Xueming Luo, Liqiang Huang
Companies are increasingly adopting Algorithmic Decision 
Systems (ADS) to improve their business decision makings 
in recent years. In this paper, we examine the impact of ADS 
on inventory ordering decisions using field experiment. 
Given that managers often have private information that 
facilitates their decision making, we focus on the human-
algorithm interactions in the use of ADS. We find that ADS 
generally increases the performance of inventory ordering 
decisions, and this effect is more salient for products with 
lower sales and higher uncertainties. We further hypothesize 
that providing ADS performance feedback information can 
improve the transparency of ADS, and consequently improve 
the inventory ordering decisions. Interestingly, while both 
providing positive and negative ADS performance feedback 
information can further improve inventory ordering decisions, 
providing negative ADS performance feedback information is 
more effective compared with providing positive information. 
This result also sheds light on the managerial implications of 
using ADS within corporations.
FB07
Virtual Room 07
Digital Economy I
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Carol Lu
Stanford University, Stanford, CA
1 - Digital Content and Customer 
Subscription Behavior
Daniel Guhl, Humboldt University Berlin, Berlin, Germany
Pradeep Chintagunta, Michaela Draganska
Many companies have now emerged publishing digital 
content, and they often rely on subscriptions to generate 
revenues. Because creating quality content is costly, the 
question arises of how much and what kind of content is 
needed to attract paying customers. Using data from an 
online adult entertainment platform, which produces and 
distributes video content organized in channels by genre, 
we construct three measures reflecting different aspects of 
the content available on a channel: amount, quality, and 
congruence (a measure that captures the similarity of videos 
within a channel). Unlike the mainstream movie industry, the 
release of videos on adult entertainment platforms is not 
driven by strategic considerations but rather a function of 
- somewhat unpredictable - factors driving production. We 
are thus able to build a model relating the impact of video 
content on the likelihood that a registered user of the site 
will convert to a paid subscription. Specifically, we formulate 
an individual-level subscription-timing model, where each 
registered user faces the competing risk of subscribing to 
a channel (or not) each week. We find that all three content 
measures affect subscription behavior positively. While this is 
expected for the amount and quality of content, the effect of 
congruence is new and seems to be dominant. These results 
are important for managers as well, as curating congruent 
content presumably costs less than producing more or 
higher-quality content.
2 - Measuring Fair Competition on 
Digital Platforms
Lukas Jürgensmeier, Goethe University Frankfurt, 
Frankfurt, Germany
Bernd Skiera
On digital platforms, platform actors such as sellers 
and buyers exchange goods, services, and information 
(offers). Platform providers support these exchanges by 
recommending specific offers on the platforms through 
rankings and labels. Often, however, the platform provider 
also serves as a platform actor. This dual role creates 
a potential conflict of interest: the platform provider 
could discriminate against third-party platform actors by 
recommending its offers more favorably than those from 
other platform actors. This presentation describes a novel 
approach to detect such discriminatory recommendations and 
applies it to the search engine on the Amazon Marketplace. 
Despite popular belief, our two studies covering more than 
a million daily observations from three countries hardly find 
discriminatory rankings through Amazon’s search engine. 
Though best-selling products with Amazon holding the buy 
box are more visible than other sellers’ buy box products, 
fair factors such as prices and ratings justify it. Furthermore, 
Amazon Basics products are only half as visible organically as 
non-discriminatory rankings allowed. The presented approach 
enables platform actors, regulators, and lawmakers to test for 
discrimination on platforms. Applying this approach to the 
Amazon Marketplace challenges the notion that Amazon uses 
organic search results to discriminate against third parties.
3 - Welfare Impacts of Subscriptions for Digital 
Goods: The Case of Video Games
Carol Lu, Stanford University, Stanford, CA
Jacob LaRiviere
Offering content via bundle-based subscription services has 
become a prevalent business strategy for media platforms. 
Despite its popularity, there is limited empirical evidence 
on whether the subscription model could generate better 
outcomes for consumers compared to the traditional a la 
carte selling model. We answer this question using a novel 
proprietary dataset from the Xbox video game platform. 
We develop and estimate a model of demand and supply 
for individual games and the subscription service Game 
Pass. Applying the estimates, we find consumer surplus 
increases by 16% on average when Game Pass is introduced. 
The decomposition analysis shows that 47% of this surplus 
increase comes from the bundling aspect of the subscription 
service, and the rest comes from its renting aspect. We further 
simulate a scenario where consumers cannot purchase any 
games and can only access them through a subscription 
service. Consumer surplus decreases by 38% compared to 
the traditional selling model, with low-intensity and focused 
consumers being most affected. However, offering multiple 
tiers of subscriptions that cater to different segments 
of consumers could generate similar welfare outcomes 
as the selling model.
FB08
Virtual Room 08
Choice Modeling II
Contributed Sessions
Chair: I Hsuan Chiu
University of Wisconsin - Milwaukee, Milwaukee, 
WI, 53202, 
1 - The Shift in Consumers’ Brand Preference 
of Grocery Products from Major Brands to 
Private Labels: Evidence from a Dutch Retailer
Hao Chen, NielsenIQ, Chicago, IL
Alvin Lim
This research investigates the change in consumers’ brand 
preference of essential grocery products before and during 
the COVID-19 pandemic. The increase in brand diversity in 
categories such as personal hygiene and cleaning products 
lead us to hypothesize a shift in consumers’ brand preference 
from major national brands to private label and lesser-known 
brands. We conduct empirical data analyses of customer 
transactions from a Dutch grocery chain using a discrete 
choice model. Insights from the analyses, such as decrease in 
utility of major brands in certain categories, provide valuable 
theoretical and managerial implications for retail business 
practitioners, particularly in inventory planning and pricing 
strategy of national brand and private label products.
2 - Modeling Reference Dependence Effect and 
Regulatory Orientation
I Hsuan S Chiu, University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, 
Milwaukee, WI
Gary J Russell
One major implication of the value function in prospect 
theory is loss aversion: losses loom larger than gains of the 
same size. The empirical examinations of loss aversion from 
consumer brand choice decisions, however, provide mixed 
results. For example, Bell and Lattin (2002) show that loss 
aversion is reduced or disappears when taking into account 
consumer heterogeneity. In this research, we show that 
regulatory focus theory can account for the heterogeneity in 
the reference dependent effect: consumers in a promotion-
oriented mindset show a weaker response to loss aversion 
comparing to those in a prevention-oriented mindset. We 
consider a decision context where consumers rely on external 
reference points. To capture the reference dependence 
effect, we use the random regret minimization (RRM) model 
developed by Chorus (2012). The RRM model describes a 
decision process that compares attributes of an alternative 
to that of all other alternatives in the consideration set. RRM 
allows for flexibility in evaluating reference dependence 
effects across all attributes and alternatives, and provides 
a framework for incorporating regulatory orientations 
into the model specification. Using data from a choice 
experiment, we demonstrate that prospect theory describes 
the within-individual differences with respect to losses and 
gains, while regulatory focus theory describes the between-
individual differences.
FB09
Virtual Room 09
Information Acquisition in Consumer Choice 
(Session II)
Special Sessions
Chair: Arash Laghaie
Goethe University Frankfurt, Frankfurt, Germany
1 - Incorporating Search and Sales Information in 
Demand Estimation
Olivia R Natan, University of California Berkeley Haas 
School of Business, Berkeley
Ali Hortacsu, Hayden Parsley, Timothy Schwieg, Kevin 
R Williams
We propose an approach to modeling and estimating 
discrete choice demand that allows for a large number 
of zero sale observations, rich unobserved heterogeneity, 
and endogenous prices. We do so by modeling small 
market sizes through Poisson arrivals. Each of these arriving 
consumers then solves a standard discrete choice problem. 
We present a Bayesian IV estimation approach that addresses 
sampling error in product shares and scales well to rich data 
environments. The data requirements are traditional market-
level data and measures of consumer search intensity. After 
presenting simulation studies, we consider an empirical 
application of air travel demand where product-level sales are 
sparse. We find considerable variation in demand over time. 
Periods of peak demand feature both larger market sizes 
and consumers with higher willingness to pay. This amplifies 
cyclicality. However, observed frequent price and capacity 
adjustments offset some of this compounding effect.
2 - Multiattribute Search: Empirical Evidence and 
Information Design
Pedro Gardete, Nova School of Business and Economics, 
Carcavelos, Portugal
Megan Hunter
We investigate simple online behavior patterns that suggest 
the current dualistic view of simultaneous vs. sequential 
search modes is likely founded on coarse data. In contrast 
with the predictions of these search modes, we find 
consumers are selective about the attributes they inspect, 
they revisit items to acquire additional information, and 
often convert without collecting all data available on the 
selected alternative. Obtaining the correct demand structure 
is pertinent because the search literature has documented 
that consumer search modes can largely determine welfare 
allocations. We consider the full dynamic problem faced 
by consumers searching for used vehicles at an online car 
dealership and propose a feasible simulation-based estimator 
to characterize consumers’ behaviors. We use the recovered 
fundamentals to analyze the consequences of different 
information provision activities - where a seller selects which 
attributes to feature and which to relegate. Sellers can do 
better than maximizing consumers’ information by featuring 
characteristics that tend to pool bad news with ex-ante 
attractive alternatives, taking advantage of consumers 
unwillingness to search all data available. We find information 
provision tends to have modest impact on welfare, with 
the preferences of seller and consumers over information 
layouts often coinciding.
3 - Search Revisits: Evidence from the Lab
Ivy Dang, University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong, China
Raluca Ursu, Pradeep Chintagunta
Why do consumers revisit previously searched products 
before making a purchase decision? Based on findings 
documented in prior work, consumer may revisit for several 
different reasons—such as i) to gather additional information; 
ii) to compare similar products; iii) to gather information 
they previously obtained but have forgotten; iv) to eliminate 
an option from their consideration set; or v) because of 
a mistake. To directly test these different hypotheses, we 
designed and built a shopping website mimicking a typical 
online retailer’s website: consumers sift through a list of 
ordered options, can click on a product to obtain additional 
information about it, and can choose one of the options 
to buy. We then used this website in a series of incentive-
compatible experiments to collect information on how 
consumers search and what they buy. A new feature of our 
website is that it also allows researchers to ask consumers 
questions while they search. We used this feature to ask 
consumers why they revisit products and how they make 
their final purchase decision. With consumers’ stated revisit 
reasons, as well as their search and purchase decisions, 
we try to uncover the mechanism behind search revisits. 
Additionally, by mapping search patterns under our observed 
revisit reasons with the types of search data obtained from 
observational studies, we provide insights into the benefits 
and limitations of the latter data for understanding search 
revisits. This also has implications for the required features 
of theoretical search models that may not entirely reflect the 
nuances of actual search and revisit behaviors of customers. 
Lastly, we derive managerial implications of search revisits for 
marketing mix decisions.
FB10
Virtual Room 10
Causal Effects and Policy Decisions II
Special Sessions
Chair: Sridhar Narayanan
Stanford University, Stanford, CA
1 - Does Carrying News Increase Non-news Views 
for Social Media Platforms?
Yu Song, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI
Puneet Manchanda
With the rapid growth of online news aggregators, the debate 
on whether news aggregators should pay news publishers for 
redistributing their content has become very salient. However, 
there is little understanding of the impact of carrying news 
on news aggregators, especially for their non-news content. 
Our research fills this gap by examining the impact of news 
on non-news user engagement and content generation on 
Facebook. We leverage a natural experiment, Facebook’s 
Australian news shutdown, to estimate this using both an 
event study and a difference-in-differences analysis. We 
find that both user engagement and content generation 
of non-news content on Facebook decreased after the 
news shutdown. We also find that these effects were more 
pronounced for more influential, socially active, experienced, 
and verified accounts. These results suggest positive spillover 
effects of news content on non-news content. A simple 
quantification exercise shows that the impact of carrying news 
is economically significant for a platform like Facebook. Our 
results provide timely and relevant implications for regulators 
and social media platforms.
2 - Does Emotional Matching Between Video 
Content and Advertising Lead to Better Ad 
Engagement? Evidence from a Large Scale 
Field Experiment
Anuj Kapoor, IIM Ahmedabad, Ahmedabad, India
Sridhar Narayanan
Video advertising platforms allow for a high degree of 
targeting of ads based on factors such as consumer 
demographics, their behaviors and the topics of the content 
on which the ad is shown. In this study, we examine the 
impact of matching the emotional content of ads with the 
content on which they are shown. Behavioral research has 
ambiguous predictions on the effect of such matching on 
ad engagement by the consumer and downstream actions 
such as clicks and purchases. On the one hand, matching 
has been found to lead to greater fluency on the part of the 
consumer and better persuasion, and this extend to matching 
on emotions as well. On the other hand, unmatched ads 
could lead to greater attention from the consumer due to 
emotional contrast. Thus, whether matching leads to greater 
or lower engagement is an empirical questions. We conduct 
a large-scale field experiment in collaboration with a video/
ad serving platform. For a large set of users, we randomize 
the video and ad they are shown - specifically we classify a 
set of videos and ads as happy or sad, and randomize which 
combination of video and ad is shown to the consumer. 
This allows us to causally examine the impact of emotional 
matching of ads and video content in the field. Our main 
finding is that unmatched ads lead to better engagement, 
but there is important heterogeneity in these effects. We next 
examine the mechanism questions and find support for the 
argument that such ads lead to greater attention and this 
in turn drives engagement by the consumers. Our findings 
are important extend our understanding of matching to the 
question of emotions, and are useful to firms thinking about 
how to target their ads.
3 - The Impact of Engagement with 
User-generated Content in Online 
Discussion Forums
Varad Deolankar, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI
Ali Goli, S Sriram, Pradeep Chintagunta
Many online platforms that offer firm-generated content 
(FGC) for consumption also provide the space for creation 
and consumption of user-generated content (UGC), usually 
in the form of discussion forums. We study whether a user’s 
engagement with UGC has an impact on their engagement 
with FGC. To this end, we use a novel dataset from Coursera, 
a popular online education platform, which has FGC in 
the form of lecture videos and supplementary readings 
and provides space for UGC consumption and creation 
via discussion threads about course materials. We use the 
exogenous variation in the forum home page as a shifter of 
a user’s propensity to engage with UGC (i.e., the discussion 
forum). This allows us to identify the causal effect of that 
user’s engagement with UGC on their engagement with 
FGC as well as their mastery of the content covered in 
that segment of the course. Our analysis suggests that, on 
average, a 10% increase in a student’s UGC engagement 
increases that student’s FGC engagement by 4.18% and 
performance by 0.34%. Therefore, our findings suggest that 
users tend to view UGC and FGC as complements. In the 
specific context of online education platforms, our results 
suggest that discussion forums can be used to bolster student 
engagement with course content as well as their learning.
4 - The Effects of Store Closure on 
Sales, Omnichannel Shopping, and 
Mobile App Usage
Taotao Ye, Texas A&M University, College Station, TX
Venkatesh Shankar
Many chain retailers periodically close some physical stores. 
A critical question for such retailers is: What is the effect of 
the closure of a store on the retailer’s offline and online sales 
from shoppers in the neighborhood? Although prior research 
has examined the effect of new store openings, not much 
is known about the effect of store closures. The few studies 
that examine store closure focus on the aggregate impact of 
store closures and not on the causal effects of the closure of 
a particular store. Moreover, many retailers have mobile apps 
that customers use to shop. An important related question for 
retailers with a mobile app is: How does the closure of a store 
affect the neighborhood shoppers’ mobile app usage and 
purchases online and offline? We address these questions 
using shopper transaction and mobile app usage data from 
a large retailer who closed 34 stores in a month. We estimate 
the causal effects of store closure through the difference-in-
differences approach by creating propensity score matched 
control stores and by controlling for selection. We analyze 
the effects at both the county aggregate and county shopper 
levels. Our results show that the retailer loses significant net 
monthly sales of $182,538 (more than the average monthly 
sales of the closed store) in the county with the closed store 
due to spillover effects on the retailer’s other customers in 
that county. The numbers of active customers, new customers, 
new app users, and mobile app engagement also decrease 
after store closure. Online sales go down in the 3-15 months 
window after closure but recover in the long run. Retailers can 
mitigate the negative effects by choosing counties with low 
in-store discounts, fast high-speed mobile connectivity, and 
high level of online sales to close. They can migrate shoppers 
in counties facing store closure to shop online and through 
the mobile app by enrolling them in their loyalty program, 
offering online discounts, and promoting product information 
and purchase features in the mobile app.
FB11
Virtual Room 11
Marketing Strategy and Firm Performance I
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Mitsukuni Nishida
Johns Hopkins Carey Business School, Baltimore, MD
1 - The Defining Facets of Customer Centric 
Leadership: An Exploration of How CEOs 
and Senior Executives Lead Market-oriented 
Organizations
Chris L Brown, CEO, Pepperdine University, Malibu, CA
An extensive body of research has documented the 
positive outcomes of market-oriented culture on customer 
satisfaction, employee engagement, and financial returns 
for shareholders. In contrast, little research has explored 
the role of leaders, specifically CEOs, in fostering a market-
oriented culture. Through an analysis of interview data 
from 66 CEOs across a variety of market-oriented firms, the 
research seeks to identify the defining characteristics of 
market-oriented leaders. The interviews provide insights into 
how they developed their market-oriented approach and 
identify the behaviors they engage in to create and sustain 
a market-oriented organizational culture. From a theoretical 
perspective, emerging findings signal the importance and 
relevance of construal theory and narratives in how leaders 
can translate and communicate the abstract notion of market 
orientation into more concrete and actionable practices. One 
emerging finding is the use of the customer as a concrete 
unifying theme to bring all people in an organization together 
around a common purpose. Through the lenses of construal 
theory and narrative theory, we explain how market-oriented 
leaders continually transform their businesses by inspiring 
employees to act in a market-oriented way with customers 
as the central driving motivational force. Additionally, several 
archetypes of market-oriented leadership emerged as a 
function of a leader’s primary influencing approach and 
as a function of the lifecycle of their organization. Some 
market-oriented leaders shape their organizations via 
interpersonal relationships whereas others rely on setting and 
communicating a customer-centric vision. The ways in which 
leaders develop and sustain customer-centricity also varies as 
a function of whether they are creating a business (founder) 
or transforming it (professional manager). This research offers 
guidance for CEOs who want to achieve high levels of market 
orientation in their businesses.
2 - Does Strategy-Customer Alignment Payoff?
Narendra K Bosukonda, Doctoral Student, Texas A&M 
University, College Station, TX
Shrihari Sridhar, Vikas Mittal, Sonam Singh
Popular press is replete with the prescription that a company’s 
strategy should be aligned with its customers to help deliver 
superior financial performance. Yet, extant literature lacks 
1) an objective measure of strategy-customer alignment 
2) empirical research linking strategy-customer alignment 
and objective financial performance 3) an understanding of 
how strategy-customer alignment affects senior executives’ 
attitudes and behaviors. Our research addresses these gaps 
in literature. To measure the alignment between a company’s 
business strategy and its customers we introduce the 
multidimensional construct of strategy-customer alignment. 
We conduct two empirical studies. In Study 1, using data from 
17,251 customer surveys of 127 companies, and employing a 
machine learning approach, we measure strategy-customer 
alignment at the company-year level and show that alignment 
is positively associated with revenues, profits and negatively 
associated with costs. A 1% increase in strategy-customer 
alignment can increase revenues by 2.3%, reduce cost of 
selling by 1.8% and increase gross profits by 1.5%. In Study 
2, we collected 1,122 survey responses from customers and 
745 survey responses from senior executives to measure 
strategy-customer alignment at employee level. We find that 
as strategy-customer alignment increases, coordination costs 
among senior executives decrease, the use of accountability 
metrics increase, and this leads to increase in the senior 
executives’ perceived strategy effectiveness.
3 - Drivers and the Financial Consequence of 
Digital Transformation
Chun-Yao Huang, National Taiwan University, 
Taipei, Taiwan
Yen-Chun Chen, Ping-Yu Liu
Digital transformation has been a critical challenge to 
market players during the past few years. Facing changes 
in technological environment, which factors determine the 
success of a firm’s digital transformation is an important 
but understudied question. In this study, we look at how 
a firm’s strategic orientations (customer orientations and 
entrepreneurial orientation) influence its degree of digital 
transformation through the mediation of its environmental 
sensing capability, and investigate the impact of a firm’s 
degree of digital transformation on its financial performance. 
A set of hypotheses are first proposed. Resorting to the 
technique of computer aided text analysis (CATA) to measure 
constructs of concern from the MD&A components of annual 
reports, we conduct a large-scale empirical study on publicly-
listed firms to validate the set of hypotheses. A comparison 
is also made between firms listed in the States and those 
in China. As such, we empirically validate that a firm’s 
strategic orientations influence its capability of environment 
sensing, which in turn influences its degree of digital 
transformation. Furthermore, we partially demonstrate that 
digital transformation would contribute to a firm’s financial 
performance as measured by ROA growth.
4 - Brand Share and Long-lasting Effect of 
Capital Relationship: The Case of Japanese 
Supermarket and Convenience-store Chains
Mitsukuni Nishida, Johns Hopkins Carey Business School, 
Baltimore, MD
Although there is a large body of literature on the market 
share dominance of first-mover firms, less is known about 
the effect of their shareholder companies’ entry behavior on 
the entry and performance of their subsidiaries. This paper 
documents how shareholder companies affect entry behavior 
and firm performance of subsidiaries in related but different 
industries. I leverage a panel of store counts and entry 
order by the geographic market for Japanese supermarkets 
and convenience stores from 1945 to 2013. I document 
two empirical patterns. First, in geographic markets where 
their parent companies (mainly supermarket chains) have 
developed in the past, convenience-store chains tend to 
enter earlier than their competitors. Second, controlling for 
the entry order of convenience-store chains, a convenience-
store chain’s market share tends to be higher when its parent 
company enters the market earlier than its competitors.
FB12
Virtual Room 12
Consumer Behavior: Preferences and Perceptions
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Sakshi Sanjay Babar
University of Georgia, Athens, GA
1 - Voice Tone as a Driver of Smart Agent 
Anthropomorphism: Process Paths and 
Persuasion Consequences
Yegyu Han, IE Business School, Madrid, Spain 
yegyu.han@ie.edu
Dipankar Chakravarti
Consumers often anthropomorphize non-human objects 
including robots and smart AI devices like Amazon’s Alexa. 
Humanoid features, facial expressions. and natural language 
processing capabilities facilitate such anthropomorphosis 
imbuing a machine with distinctive, human-like psychological 
responses (e.g., motivations, emotions, and cognitions) that 
imply intentionality. A smart agent’s voice and voice tone can 
also evoke anthropomorphism with corresponding attribution 
of personality features, autonomy and trustworthiness to 
the machine. However, the specific pathways along which 
such effects occur as well as their persuasion consequences 
are not well understood. Prior research shows that voice 
tones with a higher average pitch and delivered at faster 
speeds signal emotionality in interpersonal communication. 
We examine whether a similar attribution would occur 
naturally (i.e., replicate) for smart agents (e.g., Amazon Alexa, 
Google Home). In an experiment with a between-subject 
design, we show that higher pitch and greater delivery 
speed not only generate perceptions of emotionality, 
but also facilitate anthropomorphism. As expected, the 
anthropomorphic attributions for an emotional versus a 
rational voice are differentially rooted in affective (warmth and 
sociability) versus cognitive (competence and intelligence) 
perceptions. Furthermore, we find that the voice tone effect 
translates to a higher consumer motivation to engage in 
consequential communal behaviors that are mediated by 
affective anthropomorphism.
2 - Individual Differences in Quality-Quantity 
Tradeoffs in Consumption: Conceptualization, 
Scale Development, and Validation
Rodrigo S Dias, PhD Candidate, Duke University, 
Durham, NC
Eesha Sharma, Gavan Fitzsimons
Consumers often face tradeoffs between quality and quantity 
when making purchasing decisions. In the current work, 
we find that there are systematic individual differences in 
quality-quantity tradeoffs in consumption, over and above 
differences across contexts. Some consumers systematically 
prefer quality (vs. quantity), and some systematically prefer 
quantity (vs. quality). Using various samples (N = 2,226), we 
first develop and validate a domain-free scale to measure 
individual differences in quality-quantity preferences in 
consumption—the quality-quantity tradeoffs scale. We 
find that the scale is internally consistent and temporally 
stable. We then examine revealed preferences for quality 
vs. quantity by looking at choice of (n = 465) and willingness 
to pay for (n = 469) higher-quality and higher-quantity 
purchases. Using multilevel modeling, we find that consumers 
exhibit consistent preferences for quality or quantity across 
consumption domains; this variation is significantly predicted 
by the quality-quantity tradeoffs scale. Next, we examine how 
quality-quantity preferences relate to various constructs in 
4 studies (N = 1,985). The quality-quantity tradeoffs scale is 
empirically distinct from but related to constructs capturing 
consumers’ disposition towards buying more (e.g., greed, 
compulsive buying). Finally, quality-quantity preferences 
predict consumers’ reactions to quantity promotions (n 
= 1,000) and spending (n = 983). Consumers with higher 
preference for quantity (vs. quality) report higher purchase 
intention for items under quantity promotions and spend 
more money overall. The current work contributes to 
marketing theory and practice by introducing a new construct, 
and offers insights to managers by showing how it predicts 
meaningful consumer behaviors.
3 - Designing Social Robots as Human 
Companions: Does One Size Fit All?
Iqbal U Ahmed, Virginia Tech, Blacksburg, VA
Dipankar Chakravarti
Loneliness and social exclusion are major contemporary 
social problems (Cacioppo and Patrick 2008) and reflect a 
gap between an individual’s desired nature and quality of 
social connections and the relationships actually in place. 
A rich literature addresses the serious physical/mental 
health impacts of loneliness, as well as prevention and 
coping interventions.
Research in social robotics is bringing us closer to reality 
in which we partner with physically embodied agents with 
autonomy and interaction capability (Henschel, et al., 2020). 
In the consumer domain, Mourey et al. (2017) find that 
engaging with anthropomorphic products may mitigate social 
exclusion effects. Plausibly, human-robot interactions may 
also help mitigate loneliness through interactions with social 
robots with aligned personalities.Such personality alignments 
pose a key design challenge since not all consumers may 
wish to interact with social robots in the same way when 
lonely. For some, loneliness stems from social exclusion, 
whereas others may actually prefer to limit social contact (i.e., 
social excluders). The companionship preferences of social 
excluder and socially excluded consumers may differ. Thus, 
the former may prefer interactions that are largely cognitive-
deliberative and resist emotional investment.We develop 
and test a set of measurement instruments to distinguish 
social excluders and socially excluded consumers. We find 
that although social excluders mirror some opponent traits 
to those socially excluded, they also feature other traits that 
differ on unrelated dimensions. We compare our instruments 
to other inventories (e.g., Myer-Briggs) and discuss their use 
in designing social robots that more effectively match the 
user’s companionship preferences and service needs.
4 - Climate Labeling Policy and Consumer Choice
Sakshi Babar, University of Georgia, Athens, GA
Youngtak M. Kim, Sundar G Bharadwaj
With the growing concern about climate change and its 
consequences for societal well-being, countries and firms 
are involved in climate actions aimed at reducing the carbon 
footprint. Firms appear to be following a two pronged 
strategy of reducing resource use in their manufacturing and 
distribution of products and at the same time, encouraging 
consumers to make choices that reduce the carbon footprint. 
While still in early stages some firms are incorporating 
carbon footprint information in their product labels. Surveys 
of consumers indicate that over 50% pay attention to 
information on the CO2 emissions of products, especially in 
the cases of food and cosmetics. However, academic research 
on whether consumers respond to these labels is limited. 
This study presents results of choice based conjoint studies 
that examine the effect of carbon footprint information 
and labeling regimes on products consumers choose. We 
also examine the moderating role of consumer knowledge 
and orientation towards environmental issues. The results 
have implications for firm marketing strategy and regulatory 
guidelines on product labels.
FB13
Virtual Room 13
Online Reviews
Special Sessions
Chair: Meng Liu
Washington U. in St. Louis, St. Louis,IL
Co-Chair: Xiang Hui
Washington University in St. Louis, Saint Louis, MO
1 - Incentivized Reviews
Sungsik Park, University of South Carolina, Columbia, SC
Woochoel Shin, Jinhong Xie
Firms often provide financial incentives to motivate 
consumers to post reviews of their products. Despite the 
popularity of so-called incentivized reviews (IRs), little 
is known about the consequences of this practice. This 
paper investigates IRs from the perspectives of important 
market stakeholders: firms, consumers, and policy makers 
(or platforms). First, using an Amazon policy change from 
condoning to prohibiting IRs as our empirical context, we find 
a positive sales effect of IRs, which suggests that IRs are an 
effective marketing investment for firms. Second, our analysis 
reveals that (a) IRs have inflated ratings and richer content 
relative to organic reviews and (b) removing IRs is associated 
with higher post-purchase product evaluations by consumers, 
suggesting that IRs increase the risk that consumers will make 
a suboptimal decision. We also find that IRs are more likely to 
be posted to mid-quality than high- or low-quality products, 
suggesting that consumers should be particularly cautious 
when buying mid-quality products to protect themselves 
from being misled by IRs. Finally, based on incentive 
compatibility, we develop conjectures regarding how a 
platform-initiated IR system could be more socially desirable 
(e.g., with uninflated rating) than a firm-initiated one. We 
empirically validate these conjectures using Amazon’s Vine 
program. We discuss implications of these findings for firms, 
platforms, and policymakers.
2 - Do Incentives to Review Help the Market?
Dave Holtz, UC Berkeley, Berkeley, CA
Andrey Fradkin
Online reviews are typically written by volunteers and, 
consequently, accurate information about seller quality 
may be underprovided. We study the extent of this under-
provision in a randomized experiment conducted by Airbnb. 
In the treatment, buyers are offered a coupon to review 
listings that have no prior reviews. The treatment induces 
additional reviews, which are more negative on average. 
Induced reviews do not change nights sold, although they 
affect the types of transactions that occur. Measures of 
transaction quality for treated sellers do not improve. We 
show how market conditions and the design of the reputation 
system can explain our findings.
3 - Words Meet Photos: When and Why Visual 
Content Increases Review Helpfulness
Gizem Ceylan, University of Southern California, Los 
Angeles, CA
Kristin Diehl, Davide Proserpio
Is visual-verbal word-of-mouth more persuasive? If so, do 
consumers find communication more helpful when photos 
and text convey similar or different information? This paper 
examines the effect of photo-text similarity on review 
helpfulness and its underlying drivers. Using a dataset of 
6.8M reviews including 3.3M photos from Yelp and applying 
state-of-the-art machine learning algorithms, we quantify the 
similarity of the content between text and photos. We find 
that it is not only the mere presence of a photo that increases 
helpfulness but also the similarity between the photo content 
and the review text. We replicate our main findings and 
examine the underlying drivers in two laboratory experiments. 
When the photos and text convey similar (vs. dissimilar) 
information, consumers find the review more helpful because 
1) the information in the review becomes easier to process, 
and 2) quality inferences of the focal attribute are heightened. 
However, greater similarity 3) limits the total amount of 
information conveyed, reducing helpfulness. We find that 
drivers (1) and (2) outweigh (3). Therefore, the totality of these 
three distinct processes allows greater photo-text similarity 
to heighten persuasion. These findings provide novel insights 
into the persuasiveness of visual-verbal word-of-mouth and its 
underlying psychological drivers.
4 - Designing Quality Certificates: 
Insights from Ebay
Meng Liu, Washington U. in St. Louis, St. Louis, MO
Xiang Hui, Zhe Jin
Quality certification is a common tool to reduce asymmetric 
information and enhance trust in marketplaces. Should 
the certificate focus on seller inputs such as fast shipping, 
or include output measures such as consumer ratings? In 
theory, incorporating output measures makes the certificate 
more relevant for consumer experience, but doing so may 
discourage seller effort because outputs can be driven by 
random factors out of seller control. To understand this 
tradeoff, we study a major redesign of eBay’s Top Rated Seller 
(eTRS) program in 2016, which removed most consumer 
reports from the eTRS criteria and added direct measures 
of seller inputs. This change generates immediate selection 
on certified sellers, and homogenizes the share of certified 
sellers across product categories of different criticalness in 
consumer ratings. Post the regime change, sellers improve in 
the input measures highlighted in the new certificate. These 
effects are more conspicuous in categories that had less 
critical consumer ratings, in part because the new algorithm 
automatically removes the potential negative bias for sellers 
in critical markets and a clearer threshold motivates sellers 
to just reach the threshold. The new regime also makes sales 
more concentrated towards large sellers, especially in the 
categories that face more critical consumers.
FB14
Virtual Room 14
Unstructured Data and Marketing II
Special Sessions
Co-Chair: Oded Netzer
Columbia University, New York, NY
Chair: Shunyuan Zhang
Harvard Business School, Boston, MA
1 - Telling a Coherent Story: The Importance of 
Image-text Coherence in Digital Advertising
Jochen Hartmann, University of Groningen, Groningen, 
Netherlands
Display advertising often includes an image and a textual 
tagline that individually and jointly are aimed at conveying 
information and enticing consumers to buy. In this research, 
we explore how each one of these communication modes 
affect consumers’ reaction to the ad. Specifically, we explore 
how the image-text coherence drives ad effectiveness.
To operationalize coherence, we formulate an iterative 
masked language modeling problem to assess the fit of the 
concepts in the image in the context of the text. This measure 
exploits the sequential nature of human language as well 
as the contextual meaning of words. We explore our novel 
measure in conjunction with alternative embedding-based 
image-text similarity measures to study the multi-faceted 
interaction between ads and taglines.We collaborate with 
a display ad platform, leveraging a large-scale multi-modal 
dataset, including tens of thousands of cross-category digital 
ads and consumers’ reactions to these ads in terms of click-
through rates (CTRs), one of online marketing’s core outcome 
variables. A unique aspect of our dataset is that it often 
provides a quasi-experimental setting to study text-image 
coherence with the same image appearing with different 
taglines and the same tagline appearing with multiple ads.
Controlling for a host of visual and textual characteristics of 
the ads (e.g., complexity, abstraction, emotion), we find an 
inverted-U relationship between coherence and CTR. Our 
results suggest that advertisers and scholars are well-advised 
to assess images and texts together rather than individually. 
Methodologically, we build on the language modelling 
literature to develop a novel measure of image-text 
coherence, which captures a unique image-text relationship, 
above and beyond their mere similarity.
2 - Automatically Discovering Unknown Product 
Attributes Impacting Consumer Preferences
Ankit Sisodia, Yale University, New Haven, CT
Alex Burnap, Vineet Kumar
Marketing models typically focus on understanding how 
structured product attributes impact consumer preferences. 
However, obtaining attributes present in unstructured data 
(e.g. text or images), although important, rely on human 
(expert) judgment. Our research building on recent advances 
in disentangled representations (with statistical independence 
and semantic meaning) in deep learning aims to discover 
such attributes from unstructured data automatically, without 
human intervention. The recent deep learning literature 
has emphasized supervision of the discovered attributes 
on ground truth, as unsupervised approaches are not 
theoretically guaranteed to discover unique disentangled 
representations. Our approach does not require ground 
truth on the visual attributes, which is assumed in most of 
the literature. We instead use readily available structured 
product attributes as supervisory signals and identify which 
signals work best. Our approach is practically useful since 
we do not need to specify the number of attributes or their 
meaning, yet we discover semantically interpretable and 
statistically independent attributes. We apply this approach 
to automatically discover visual product attributes of high-end 
watches auctioned at Christie’s and discover 6 semantically 
interpretable visual attributes providing a disentangled 
representation. We find that supervisory signals such as 
`brand’ promote disentanglement relative to the unsupervised 
approach, but surprisingly `price’ does not.
3 - Transfer Learning for Personalized Marketing 
Promotions
Artem Timoshenko, Northwestern University, Evanston, IL
Marat Ibragimov, Duncan I Simester, Jonathan Parker, 
Antoinette Schoar
Targeting policies are typically trained using data from field 
experiments. For example, a luxury fashion retailer can decide 
which customers should receive a coupon for the Valentine’s 
Day event using experimental data from a similar campaign 
implemented in the previous year. We demonstrate that firms 
can substantially improve targeting policies by augmenting 
the focal experiment with information from other marketing 
campaigns, even though the source campaigns may involve 
different marketing actions and different types of customers.
4 - Comparing Automated Image 
Classification Methods
Keno Tetzlaff, University of Hamburg, Hamburg, Germany
Jochen Hartmann, Mark Heitmann
The relevance of visual content for marketing research and 
practice is rapidly increasing. However, the plethora and 
novelty of methods (both open-source and proprietary 
black-box methods) makes it challenging for researchers 
to understand how these perform for actual research 
applications. This research intends to guide researchers in 
choosing the best image classification method. We conduct 
more than 3,000 experiments using 30 datasets with different 
application contexts and compare all convolutional neural 
network architecture families on Keras. Mean method 
performance varies between 37.0% and 58.2% accuracy 
suggesting performance depends on both method choice 
and application context. We conduct multiple regression 
analyses with accuracy as the dependent variable and 
method, training hyperparameters as well as dataset 
characteristics and image pre-processing as independent 
variables, to investigate the reasons for these differences. 
Among individual architectures, VGG-16, which is popular 
in marketing research, performs significantly worse than 
EfficientNetB0 (+5pp, p<.001) or DenseNet121 (+4pp, 
p<0.05). Our results suggest marketing researchers can 
benefit from fine-tuning (+3pp, p<.001) and should consider 
a pre-selected set of as little as three candidate models to 
achieve top performance on >90% of our datasets.We also 
evaluate commercial black-box solutions and find they do 
not generate a systematic advantage in terms of classification 
accuracy. In most cases open-source software performs 
similarly or better, suggesting researchers will rarely have to 
rely on commercial software.
Friday, 11:30am–12:30pm
FC02
Virtual Room 02
Product Information and Diffusion
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Daniel Kebede
Purdue University, West lafayette, IN
1 - Product Innovation Through the Perspective 
of Design-driven Ecosystem
Jesheng Huang, Chung Yuan Christian University, Taoyuan 
City, Taiwan
Based on the perspective of design-driven ecosystem (DDE) 
constructed by Huang (2021), this article further explores the 
types and mechanism of product innovation within this kind 
of ecosystem, combining the theories of user innovation 
and user innovators. Derived from the literature review and 
research findings, DDE is defined as the alignment structure 
of the multilateral set of entities interacted by their design 
interdependence in order to provide design-related products 
with focal value proposition to their common customers, 
enabled by modularity, not hierarchically managed, which 
implies the product innovations can be inspired or facilitated 
by the related design activity flows among the firms within 
DDE. Through examining the structures of DDE from 
three cases—handbook, selfie, and Graffiti, the research 
finds that, within DDE, (1) he members’ series of out-input 
combinations in design activity flows provide the key idea 
sources of product innovation, and most of them facilitates 
incremental innovations; (2)as customers playing a critical role 
of value cocreation, most of user innovations are completed 
by consumers’ sharing their new product idea in the social 
media platforms, and the type of product innovations vary 
on materials, new uses, and complementarities with other 
design among members; (3) user innovators often create 
new meaning on current product, which can extend or 
enrich the original value proposition and then bring product 
conceptual innovations;. Finally, future research agenda has 
been suggested as well.
2 - The Impact of Source and Content Attributes 
of New Product Information Leakages on 
Firm Value
Mahdi Niknejad, University of Texas At Austin, Austin, TX
Vijay Mahajan
New Product information leakages (NPLs) have become 
more common in recent years, forcing firms to put vast 
resources into security practices. However, little is known 
about the impact of these leakages on firm value. This study 
is an examination of stock market reactions to new product 
leakages in high-tech consumer markets. The authors also 
consider the moderating roles of leaker characteristics 
and leakage content. The results suggest that on average, 
investors react positively to new product leakages. The 
abnormal returns are greater when there are more leakers 
publishing NPLs, resulting in diffusion of more information 
about the firm’s R&D activities. Moreover, the number of 
trustworthy leakers positively influences abnormal returns. 
Leakers who are of higher status or those with whom the 
investors are more familiar generate more positive response 
in the stock market as well. In addition, the characteristics 
of leakage content influence firm value. Abnormal returns 
are higher when there is supporting evidence in the 
content. Conversely, presence of brand innovation in the 
content negatively affect the abnormal returns associated 
with new product leakages. These findings offer novel 
insights into new product leakages and announcements for 
researchers and managers alike.
3 - Mobile Money Penetration in Low Income 
Countries: The Mediation Effect of Latent 
Demand and Micro-entrepreneurial Climate
Marzieh Yaghini, University of Guelph, Toronto, 
ON, Canada
, Towhidul Islam, Asish Sood
Mobile money, an inclusive innovation, provides a wide variety 
of benefits to consumers, businesses, and governments, thus 
a deeper understanding of why market penetrations in low-
income countries are higher for such inclusive innovation can 
yield significant benefits. We explore the multiple mediation 
role of latent demand and micro-entrepreneurial climate 
contributing to mobile money market penetration. This 
analysis indicates underdeveloped financial infrastructure, 
unmet demand, and informal microentrepreneurial 
environment as reasons driving higher mobile money 
penetration in low-income compared to higher-income 
economic regions. Our dataset encompasses several 
multinational databases including mobile money market 
penetration in 77 countries from all economic regions. We 
use a counterfactual approach to establish causal multiple 
mediation analysis to empirically test our two hypotheses. We 
establish the negative mediation effect of latent demand and 
the positive mediation effect of micro-entrepreneurial climate, 
on mobile money market penetration in low-income relative 
to high-income economic regions. We contribute to both 
theory and practice by providing a deeper understanding of 
the penetration of inclusive innovations.
4 - Leveraging Promotions for Social Good: 
Insights from COVID-19 Vaccine Distribution
Daniel Gulti Kebede, PhD student, Purdue University, 
West Lafayette, IN
James Reeder
Governmental agencies and non-governmental organizations 
have often relied on marketing techniques to drive 
compliance of their constituency. For example, the US 
government has recently pledged to spend $50 million in 
advertising to promote the HealthCare.gov website. Our 
study explores a different marketing tool used in public policy 
that has not been studied, promotions. While promotions, 
both price and non-price promotions, have long been used 
by businesses to drive sales, this is a relatively new lever 
used in public policy at such a scale. During the COVID-19 
pandemic, local governmental agencies were forced to 
grapple with how to increase vaccination rates among the 
population. Our study is the first to examine if the use of 
promotions increased the rates of vaccinations within the 
. Using a novel set of data, recasting the bass diffusion 
framework, and leveraging new techniques to assess 
treatment effects in panel data we estimate not only the 
direct effect of promotions on vaccination, but if regional 
heterogeneity plays a role in its efficacy. Our preliminary 
findings suggest that the use of promotions does increase 
the rate at which people get vaccinated. However, this effect 
is moderated by the size of the population that is vaccine 
hesitant and political affiliation.
FC03
Virtual Room 03
Influencer Marketing VII
Special Sessions
Chair: Andreas Lanz
HEC Paris, Paris, France
Co-Chair: Yaniv Dover
The Jerusalem School of Business Administration, 
Jerusalem, Israel
1 - Untactful Social Media Messages: 
Consequences and Mitigation Strategies
Sourindra Banerjee, University of Leeds, Leeds, 
United Kingdom
Abhishek Borah, Andreas Eisingerich, Yu-Ting Lin
The positive effects of firms’ active presence and participation 
in social media has been widely studied in marketing. 
However, important questions remain about the impact and 
characteristics of a firm’s self-induced social media crisis that 
can drive negative sentiment and how the repercussions 
of such crisis can be mitigated effectively. Specifically, we 
address this gap in the literature, by theorizing about the 
phenomenon of untactful social media messages (USMM) and 
identifying the key characteristics of such messages namely, 
sloppiness, incongruence, and dissonance. Furthermore, we 
demonstrate the relationship between the key characteristics 
of USMM and its damaging effects on abnormal stock 
returns and point to potential mitigating factors that can help 
alleviate the negative effects of a firm’s USMM. Specifically, 
our findings show that incongruent messages trigger 
not only negative sentiment but also generate negative 
abnormal returns. While dissonant messages increase 
negative sentiment, sloppy messages decrease abnormal 
stock returns. We also show that deletion of the USMM is 
the simplest and yet most powerful action of mitigation that 
firms can take to alleviate the harmful impact of USMM. 
Apologizing and a concurrent strategy of both deletion and 
apology does not mitigate the tide of negative sentiment 
sparked off by a USMM.
2 - The Role of Community Shared Purpose in 
Online Community Dynamics
Yaniv Dover, The Jerusalem School of Business 
Administration, Jerusalem, Israel
Martina Pocchiari
The importance of online communities to marketers has been 
demonstrated in the literature, yet there is limited large-
scale empirical evidence that can provide insight into what 
makes some online communities successful, while others 
are not. Here, we study the role of a fundamental aspect of 
online community success: the shared purpose around which 
the community is formed. Even though the shared purpose 
of communities is the core reason that communities exist 
and thrive, there is little empirical evidence to support and 
quantify its role in real-life settings. In this study, we leverage 
pseudo-experimental conditions in the context of sports fan 
communities to investigate how shocks to a community’s 
purpose affect community dynamics. Using a difference-in-
difference framework, we find that negative-vs-positive shocks 
decrease activity and engagement in online communities, and 
that the effect of negative shocks is absorbed differentially 
across community members. In particular, negative shocks 
mainly impede the activity of the community’s core -- the most 
highly connected, active, and central community members. 
This pattern of results is also reflected in the post-shock 
changes to the social network structures of the affected 
communities. Negative shocks induce members to interact 
with fewer peers, and within smaller social cliques. In other 
words, the networks become more centralized and localized 
after a negative shock. In terms of user-generated content, we 
find that negative-vs-positive shocks also reduce the energy 
level in the discussion - measured through the magnitude of 
arousal in community discussions - and impede expressions 
of group affiliation. Finally, in a series of heterogeneity 
and subgroup analyses, we find that the baseline effects 
are sensitive to the prior expectations of the community 
members. In particular, the more unexpected the negative 
shocks are, the stronger the disruption that occurs to the 
activity and functioning of online communities. We discuss 
the managerial implications of our findings to marketers in the 
context of online communities.
FC04
Virtual Room 04
Retailing II
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Anna Ulrichshofer
Technische Hochschule Ingolstadt, 
Ingolstadt, Germany
1 - Impact of ‘Buy Now Pay Later’ on 
Consumer Purchases
Stijn Maesen, Imperial College Business School, London, 
United Kingdom
Dionysius Ang
‘Buy Now Pay Later’ (BNPL) is a payment method that allows 
consumers to pay in instalments and has become popular 
among retailers and consumers. However, little is known 
about the influence of BNPL on consumer purchases. This 
research provides insights on the impact of BNPL on 
consumer purchases by leveraging data on the introduction 
of BNPL as a payment method by a large U.S. retailer. 
The introduction of the BNPL payment method allowed 
consumers to purchase products immediately and pay with 
four equal repayments. We exploit that after the retailer 
made BNPL available to its customers, only a selection of 
customers adopted the service. To mitigate possible bias 
due to self-selection of BNPL adoption, we use matching on 
observable factors to increase the comparability of adopters 
and non-adopters of BNPL. The results of a difference-
in-difference analysis show that adopters of BNPL spend 
significantly more than non-adopters in the period after the 
introduction of BNPL. We also explore heterogeneity in this 
effect between customers and across time, and further discuss 
the implications of our findings.
2 - The Impact of Co-location of Departments on 
Joint Sales in Retail Stores
Laxminarayana Yashaswy Akella, Indian Institute of 
Management Ahmedabad, Ahmedabad, India
Praveen K Kopalle, Dhruv Grewal, Jens Nordfält
Retail stores have finite space in which they decide the 
arrangements of departments. Relying on store layouts and 
sales data from a retailer across ten stores, this research 
presents the importance of considering co-location on joint 
sales. Certain vital factors such as location, the total area 
of the departments and the store, type of departments 
(substitutes, complementary, and neutral), and department 
layout have been considered for a micro understanding of the 
store. Results show that the co-location of two departments 
has an ‘inverted-U’ relationship with joint sales. This paper 
finds that in the type of departments, the complementary 
departments need not be arranged just beside each other 
but away so that the departments in the store overall appear 
complementary. In contrast, substitutes of a department have 
to be placed at the exact location and cannot be dispersed 
through the store. This would allow customers to compare the 
products with their peers without moving much. For neutral 
departments (i.e., where the departments are unrelated), they 
can be placed at sufficient distances to each other to avoid 
distraction with the basket items. In additional insight, this 
paper finds that implementing different layouts for different 
departments significantly improve sales over having the same 
format for each department (the layouts of the individual 
departments must differ from each other).
3 - How do Returns Impact Future Sales? Theory 
and Evidence
Boram Lim, University of Kansas, Lawrence, KS
, Kissan Joseph, Ram Janakiraman, Lauren Min
Academic research has established the role of the option to 
return products in reducing consumers’ perception of risk in 
product buying. In this study, we investigate an unexplored, 
but important, question related to product returns: how does 
product returns incidence impact future buying behavior? 
We propose a conceptual model that delineates two distinct 
mechanisms by which return incidence can affect future sales. 
Return incidence makes the option to return products salient 
in the customer’s mind and increases the perceived utility of 
the retailer’s offering set, which then increases customer’s 
future spending. Return incidence also engenders customer 
gratitude, which in turn generates greater patronage with 
the retailer. We refer to these as salience and utilization 
and gratitude and reciprocation effects of product returns 
respectively. To test our hypotheses, we adopt a multi-method 
approach, one which leverages a panel dataset of 1727 
offline grocery shoppers and laboratory data and difference-
in-differences models. We offer important implications for 
theory and practice on the effect of customers’ decision to 
return products on their subsequent purchase behavior.
4 - Patterns of In-store Behavior and its 
Implications on Customers’ Shopping Baskets
Anna Ulrichshofer, Technische Hochschule Ingolstadt, 
Ingolstadt, Germany
Michael Jungbluth
The path through a website (clickstream) a customer takes 
during online shopping is well and frequently analyzed in 
the literature due to the easy availability of such data (e.g. 
Montgomery et al., 2004). The insights from this literature help 
to understand customers’ choices and to design interventions 
to improve experiential value and conversion rates. To take 
this analysis and methods to the stationary Point-of-Sale 
(PoS) two main obstacles must be overcome: First, obtaining 
the data on offline paths in a given store is rather difficult. 
Second, offline paths are subject to spatial constraints, which 
often change from store to store. Adding to the in-store 
literature (e.g. Larson et al., 2005; Sorensen et al., 2017) we 
have access to granular data on customers’ paths within a 
non-grocery store on the individual customer level. The data 
does neither rely on paths being tracked via RFID tags on 
shopping carts nor customers carrying a mobile phone with 
a specific app. Instead, 360 degree tracking sensors on the 
ceiling continuously convert movement into anonymous 
time-stamped location data. We complement our offline 
path data with information on customers’ shopping baskets 
to quantify economic outcomes. Similar to the abandoned 
shopping cart in eCommerce, the role of paths taken on 
the conversion rates is investigated. We set-up a theoretical 
model considering customers’ paths as a sequence of 
conditional decisions taken between available category 
options. The observed movements are a transformation of 
underlying latent states given the store layout. This makes 
the results applicable to other store designs. The analysis of 
pooled offline path data across heterogeneous store layouts 
is imperative for brick-and-mortar retailers to effectively 
leverage insights throughout the entire retail chain.
FC05
Virtual Room 05
Data Driven Marketing 1
Special Sessions
Chair: Daria Dzyabura
New Economic School, Moscow, Russian Federation
Co-Chair: Simha Mummalaneni
University of Washington, Seattle, WA
1 - Adaptive Experimentation for Pricing for 
Random Utility Model
Lalit Jain, University of Washington, Seattle, WA
Hema Yoganarasimhan
We consider the problem of setting the optimal prices and 
marketing mix variables for a large number of products. At 
each time a customer arrives and chooses a product based on 
a multinomial discrete choice model with utilities depending 
on the prices of the products, and the marketing allocation. 
Using a Thompson Sampling approach, we develop a 
regret minimizing, alternatively profit maximizing, algorithm 
for the seller. Our work is the first practical approach for 
dynamic pricing for the discrete choice model that allows 
for a continuous set of potential price vectors. In addition, 
our model of marketing allocation provides a new model 
for assortment selection problems. Using both synthetic 
simulations, and simulations based on real-life grocery store 
data, we show that our method significantly outperforms 
existing approaches. We also provide theoretical justification 
of our result and improve upon existing regret guarantees.
2 - Semantic Properties of Writing Predict 
Academic Success
Olivier Toubia, Columbia Business School, New York, NY
Jonah Berger
What does writing reveal about the writer? We suggest 
that the semantic properties of writing samples can predict 
academic success. Using 25,000 student essays from a 
large public university, we find that even controlling for 
a variety of relevant factors (i.e., SAT scores and parent 
education) semantic progression predicts GPA. Our results 
are particularly surprising given that we focus on students 
who were already admitted and enrolled, at which point 
college admissions essays have no direct relation to success. 
We argue that written output reflects the author’s associative 
abilities, which have been shown to be related to their 
creative abilities, which in turn have been shown to be 
related to academic success. We find that the most successful 
students tend to write essays that cover a lot of ground (as 
measured by the volume occupied by the essay in a latent 
semantic space) without moving too fast (as measured by 
the speed with which the essay moves in the latent semantic 
space). We argue that the ability to cover a lot of ground 
reflects the student’s dissociative ability (the ability to access 
mutually remote associative elements) and that the ability 
to do so without excessive movement in the latent semantic 
space reflects associative ability (the ability to combine 
remote concepts in an adequate way). The combination of 
dissociate and associative ability has been shown to predict 
convergent and divergent thinking abilities, two creative 
capabilities that are linked to academic success.
3 - Consumer Search and Product Returns
Marat Ibragimov, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, 
Cambridge, MA
John R Hauser, Siham El Kihal
Online retailers are challenged by frequent product returns 
with $428 Billion in merchandise returned to US retailers in 
2020 (National Retail Foundation 2021). Typically, product 
returns are studied in a purchase/post-purchase framework. 
However, online retailers have access to the information 
which precedes the purchase decision - consumer search. 
We demonstrate that this information provides a low-cost 
opportunity to better understand and predict product return 
behavior. Using data from a large European apparel retailer: 
(1) we document that adding consumer search behavior 
improves the prediction of product returns; (2) we find 
correlational evidence that using search filters, spending more 
time, and purchasing the last item searched are negatively 
associated with the probability of a return; (3) we propose an 
empirical-theoretical framework that jointly models consumer 
search, purchase, and returns decisions and estimate 
parameters on our data; (4) we use the proposed framework 
to test strategies of product return management which could 
help to improve profits and consumer satisfaction.
4 - Linking Color Palettes to Brand Attributes
Daria Dzyabura, New Economic School, Moscow, Russian 
Federation
Renana Peres
Visual design, a key element across the marketing mix, is 
conducted largely using qualitative principles. While many 
marketing decisions are increasingly made using quantitative 
metrics, and most recently artificial intelligence algorithms, 
visual design is done by graphic designers, who follow 
generally accepted artistic and aesthetic principles. In this 
research we quantitatively map the relationship between 
colors and brand attributes. We collect consumers’ visual 
collage representation of their associations with a brand, as 
well as their perception of that brand. We use a two step 
approach to extract colors from the collages in a way that 
is rich enough to allow for nonlinearity, combinations of 
different colors, and different shades of colors, but at the 
same time tractable enough to regress on brand attributes. 
We first reduce the original color RGB space of 16 million 
colors (256^3) by grouping colors in the CIE wavelength 
space so that very similar shades of one color are grouped 
together. Second, we run LDA on the resulting 512 colors, 
which generates the color equivalent of topics - combinations 
of colors that appear together and therefore represent 
a thematic meaning. We then regress the frequencies of 
color palettes in the collages on brand attributes, as rated 
by the same respondents. This regression indicates which 
color palettes are positively or negatively associated with 
each brand characteristic. Finally, we validate the results 
by showing participants otherwise identical ads colored in 
each of the color palettes. We find that the resulting brand 
perceptions match those predicted by our model. 
FC06
Virtual Room 06
AI Algorithms
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Malika Korganbekova
Northwestern University, Evanston, IL
1 - Competing Ad Targeting Policies using 
Reinforcement Learning
Poet Larsen, Marshall School of Business, Los Angeles, CA
Reinforcement Learning algorithms-more specifically multi-
armed bandit (MAB) algorithms-are becoming increasingly 
popular methods used by firms to learn targeted advertising 
policies. However, little is known about the behavior of these 
algorithms when competing in advertising settings. In this 
paper, we ask the following question: Can independent 
competing targeted marketing strategies, operationalized 
using MAB algorithms, implicitly learn to segment markets 
with only consumer response data? We investigate this 
question with a reduced-form model of advertising and a 
set of simulations that suggest competing MAB algorithms 
can independently learn coordinated market segmentation 
policies without communication, public monitoring, or 
explicitly accounting for competition. Additionally, we find 
evidence that suggests market segmentation outcomes 
may be driven by randomness, i.e., early draws from the 
reward distribution impact how the market is sliced. Finally, 
we explore several market factors that meaningfully impact 
market segmentation behavior. Our results help marketing 
academics and practitioners better understand how MAB 
algorithms behave in competitive advertising settings.
2 - Cold Start to Improve Market Thickness on 
Online Advertising Platforms: Data-driven 
Algorithms and Field Experiments
Zikun Ye, UIUC, Urbana-Champaign, IL
Dennis Zhang, Renyu Zhang, Chen Xin, Xin Chen, 
Heng Zhang
Cold start describes a commonly recognized challenge for 
online advertising platforms: with limited data, the machine 
learning system cannot accurately estimate the click-through 
rates (CTR) of new ads and, in turn, cannot efficiently price 
these new ads or match them with platform users. Traditional 
cold start algorithms often focus on improving the learning 
rates of CTR for new ads to improve short-term revenue, but 
unsuccessful cold start can prompt advertisers to leave the 
platform, decreasing the thickness of the ad marketplace. 
To address these issues, we build a data-driven optimization 
model that captures the essential trade-off between short-
term revenue and long-term market thickness on the 
platform. Based on duality theory and bandit algorithms, we 
develop the Shadow Bidding with Learning (SBL) algorithms 
with a provable regret upper bound of O(T^{2/3}K^{1/3}
(logT)^{1/3}d^{1/2}), where $K$ is the number of ads and 
d captures the error magnitude of the underlying machine 
learning oracle for predicting CTR. Our proposed algorithms 
can be implemented in a real online advertising system with 
minimal adjustments. To demonstrate this practicality, we 
have collaborated with a large-scale video-sharing platform, 
conducting a novel, two-sided randomized field experiment 
to examine the effectiveness of our SBL algorithm. Our results 
show that the algorithm increased the cold start success rate 
by 61.62% while compromising short-term revenue by only 
0.717%. Our algorithm has also boosted the platform’s overall 
market thickness by 3.13% and its long-term advertising 
revenue by (at least) 5.35%. Our study bridges the gap 
between the bandit algorithm theory and the cold start 
practice, highlighting the value of well-designed cold start 
algorithms for online advertising platforms.
3 - Platform Design and Supplier Response
Malika Korganbekova, Kellogg School of Management, 
Northwestern University, Evanston, IL
On two-sided platforms, there are information frictions 
between suppliers and the platform itself: suppliers, while 
setting their wholesale costs and on-platform sponsored 
advertising budgets, are uncertain as to how these 
strategies will translate to the ranking of their products on 
the platform. That is, suppliers do not have full knowledge 
over the Artificial Intelligence algorithm employed by the 
platform to rank products. In this paper, we investigate how 
sophisticated and fast suppliers are in terms of reacting to 
the changes in the ranking system. More specifically, North 
American durable goods platform we collaborate with, 
ran a ranking experiment where a product was assigned 
a score and we use discontinuities in the product scores 
to estimate quasi-experimental effects of the ranking 
changes on subsequent changes in supplier wholesale costs 
and sponsored advertising budgets. We find that there’s 
significant heterogeneity in how different suppliers respond 
to the changes in the ranking system depending on suppliers’ 
experience with the platform and number of products 
carried. Next, using pricing and sponsored ad experiments 
ran by the platform, we estimate causal benchmarks of the 
effectiveness of modifying wholesale costs and sponsored 
ad bids. We develop a Bayesian learning model to recover 
suppliers’ beliefs about the effectiveness of the above-
mentioned wholesale cost and sponsored bid changes to 
estimate the information gap between supplier beliefs and 
causal estimates of these strategies. Using counterfactual 
simulations, we show that in the full information setting 
when suppliers know causal effects of price and sponsored 
bid changes, both platform and suppliers can benefit, and 
consumers will face lower prices.
FC07
Virtual Room 07
Digital Economy II
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Willem Smit
Asia School of Business, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
1 - Consumer, Investor, and Philanthropist 
Mindsets of Crowdfunding Backers
Hyunjung Crystal Lee, Universidad Carlos III de Madrid, 
Madrid, Spain
Mercedes Esteban Bravo, Jose Manuel Vidal Sans
The current paper delves into different segments of 
crowdfunding backers based on their mindset, the basic traits 
underlying these mindset segments, and how the financial 
contribution to a project changes with their mindset. Based 
on empirical evidence from three studies, we demonstrate 
that potential sponsors can adopt six different mindsets: three 
pure cases that we describe as a consumer, investor, and 
philanthropist mindset, and three mixed cases that combine 
the two of the mindsets. Then, we show how the mindset 
of potential backers can affect their financial response to a 
project. Lastly, we propose a general conceptual framework 
about these mindsets and how they are determined by 
combinations of four basic psychological traits (abstract-
concrete, present-future, self-other, and trust-skepticism), 
conditioning them to place different emphasis on the 
perceived attributes of a crowdfunding project, thus on 
their valuation of and financial contribution to the project. 
The theory is validated by three empirical studies. The first 
study, a randomized factorial experiment, shows how the 
crowdfunding backers’ mindsets change their financial 
contribution amount depending on the specific attributes 
of crowdfunding project descriptions. The second study 
validates the psychological traits underlying the backers’ 
mindset. The third study demonstrates how the psychological 
distance between the constituents of backers’ mindset 
and the perceived presence of these traits in a project can 
explain the contribution amount. The results are relevant for 
crowdfunding platform managers and project creators, who 
can select or emphasize the most appropriate characteristics 
of a project for potential backers based on their mindset.
2 - Technology Adoption, Customer-connecting 
and Back-office Business Model Digitalization 
for Start-up Performance
Willem Smit, Asia School of Business, Kuala 
Lumpur, Malaysia
Erkko Autio, Kun Fu
Recently, much research attention has shifted towards 
business model (BM) digitalization and marketing; 
however, the treatments of this topic have lacked nuance. 
As BM digitalization is a complex and multi-dimensional 
phenomenon, it is important to differentiate the various 
mechanisms through which it can create value for customers 
and the firm. Our model theorizes and tests four different 
value-driving mechanisms digital technology adoption 
and BM application can have on firm performance. 
We hypothesize the first mechanism is driven by novel 
combinations of digital technologies. The second and 
third mechanisms are related to the extent to which digital 
technologies have been applied in back-end and customer-
connecting business model activities. Finally, BM digitalization 
enables business model experimentation which in turn 
improves business performance.To empirically explore the 
value-driving contributions from BM digitalization dimensions, 
we surveyed 685 ’digital entrepreneurs’ in six Southeast Asian 
countries to test these in a cross-national and emerging 
market context. We perform regression and mediation 
analyses to test the hypotheses. Our analyses distinguish 
between ‘customer-connecting’ and ‘backbone’ digitalization 
in start-up business models and show that while both drive 
operational and competitive (against peers) performance, it 
is backbone digitalization that drives performance through 
business model experimentation and digital technology 
adoption. Customer-connecting digitalization appears to have 
become a given but is not associated with digital adoption-
driven competitive advantage.
FC08
Virtual Room 08
Choice Modeling III
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Ram C Rao
University of Texas- Dallas, Richardson, TX, 
75080-3021, 
1 - Implications of State-dependent Play Behavior 
in Video Gaming: An Individual Level Analysis
Bruno Castelo-Branco, University of Michigan, 
Ann Arbor, MI
Puneet Manchanda
In this paper, we leverage data from a major video game 
distribution platform to investigate how users decide which 
games to play and how their choices are intertemporally 
related. More specifically, the longitudinal data set includes 
the time users played each game on each day, as well as the 
purchase of new games, thus allowing us to use a structural 
approach to investigate how state-dependence influences 
players’ consumption leading to behaviors such as addiction 
and variety-seeking. We discuss how the results can be 
relevant for the platform, game developers, and policymakers.
2 - Dual Role of Price in Consumer Choice
Sungjee Choi, PhD Candidate, University of Iowa, 
Iowa City, IA
Gary J Russell
Consumers commonly trade off price and quality in their 
purchase decisions. However, consumers cannot easily 
judge quality. In these circumstances, consumers use price 
as a quality cue to alleviate uncertainty in their decision-
making process. The goal of the study is to understand the 
relationship between price and quality. The key assumption 
in this study is consumers believe that there is a positive 
correlation between price and quality. For this reason, price 
serves a dual role -- both as a constraint on choice and 
as a signal of product quality. Because these two effects 
work in opposite directions, consumers are expected to 
exhibit relatively less price sensitivity in the presence of a 
price-quality association (P-Q). Moreover, higher-priced 
brands should be expected to face a relatively less elastic 
demand in the presence of a P-Q association. To examine 
these predictions, we develop a choice model that allows 
for P-Q associations to impact consumer price response. 
The model is applied to scanner data choice histories in 
the margarine product category. Results imply that the 
strength of the P-Q association varies across the consumer 
population. Consumers who have a strong P-Q association 
are not as price sensitive as consumers who have a weak 
P-Q association. This suggests that variation in P-Q strength 
moderates the demand elasticity facing high-priced brands. 
We discuss the implications of our findings for future research.
3 - Rational Inattention and Brand Choice
Ram C Rao, University of Texas- Dallas, Richardson, TX
The Multinomial Logit Model has been a workhorse in 
empirical studies in marketing. It has been used extensively 
in modeling brand choice. Recent work has offered Rational 
Inattention as a foundational basis for the logit model. That 
is largely a theoretical exploration. Several questions arise 
for the marketeer. First, is there any advantage to using the 
RI approach as opposed to the conventional approach of 
maximizing consumer’s random utility? If indeed there is 
an advantage, would the resulting empirical model differ 
from the logit model? And if so, in what ways? Would it 
present new econometric challenges? Since the RI approach 
essentially results in stochastic choice, how is that related 
to the stochastic models of consumer behavior developed 
by marketing researchers? Answering these questions leads 
to several findings in this paper. On the theoretical front 
the precise conditions are identified that result in a limiting 
case of the RI model to be identical to the Bass model of 
stochastic preference. Also identified are the conditions that 
make the empirical counterpart of the RI model equivalent 
to the logit model. However it is readily seen that these 
conditions are unlikely to hold in practice, thus making the RI 
approach an alternative to the logit model. The RI approach 
is shown to have the advantage of being able to separate the 
effects of price, for example, that affects consumption utility 
from the effects of an advertisement that affects information 
endowment of the consumer. This parceling out of marketing 
mix variables is generally not possible in the logit model. 
However, the implementation of the RI based model can pose 
significant identification challenges and therefore it could well 
be that the MNL is adequate for most practical situations.
FC09
Virtual Room 09
Information Acquisition in Consumer Choice 
(Session III)
Special Sessions
Chair: Ivy Dang
University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong, China
1 - Estimation of Sequential Search Model with 
Search Set Membership
Jae Hyen Chung, Assistant Professor, The Chinese 
University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong
I propose a methodology to estimate the sequential search 
model without the consumer search order. For the estimation 
of the sequential search model, the search order has been 
considered to be an integral part to recover the parameters 
of interest, including preference parameters and the search 
cost parameters. However, often, datasets that show the order 
of searches may not be available to researchers, making it 
impossible to estimate the model without making additional 
assumptions about the search orders. To overcome such 
restrictions, I propose a method to estimate the sequential 
search model by adopting the expectation-maximization 
algorithm. I present a simulation study to demonstrate 
the parameter recovery of the proposed method and 
compare other methods that can be used in cases with the 
similar data availability.
2 - Searching for Rewards
Xu Zhu, The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong
T. Tony Ke
Reward program is a commonplace in many markets. It allows 
enrolled members to receive rewards based on their past 
purchases and redeem these rewards for future purchase. 
Based on a repeated ordered search framework, we propose 
a new theory for reward programs in a frictional market. 
Consumers search for product information sequentially 
over many firms, each of which offers two independent 
products in two periods. Consumers make a purchase from 
one firm in each period. We find that firms use both price 
discounts and rewards to attract consumers, where price 
discounts deter consumers from continuing to search other 
firms in the current shopping trip, while rewards enable the 
firm to gain prominence in consumers’ next shopping trip. 
Consequently, as the search cost gets higher, firms offer lower 
price discounts but higher rewards. Overall, reward programs 
always decrease industry profit and raise/reduce consumer 
surplus when the search cost is high/low.
3 - Antecedents and Consequences of Wish 
Listing: Empirical Evidence from an 
E-commerce Platform
K Pallavi Jha, PhD Candidate, University of Pittsburgh, 
Pittsburgh, PA
Ivy Dang
Consumer decision journey has evolved due to the 
advancement of digital technology. To facilitate consumer’s 
shopping journey, many e-commerce sites have developed 
the wishlist function, where consumers can search products 
and add them to wishlists before finally purchasing or 
eliminating a product. Though important, very few prior works 
have studied wishlists in detail. Leveraging a rich clickstream 
dataset from an e-commerce platform in Asia, we try to 
understand the antecedents and consequences of wishlisting: 
Why do consumers add products to wishlists? Which session 
and consumer characteristic influence wishlist addition? 
And does wishlist addition have an impact on purchase? 
Our objective is to explore the consumer’s decision funnel 
of wishlisting. In the first stage, we examine the impact of 
session and consumer characteristics on wishlist addition. 
In the second stage, we examine the influence of wishlist 
addition on purchase. We also hope to connect our findings 
with consumer consideration set formation process. This study 
will extend our understanding of online consumer decision 
journey by examining the wishlisting process in detail. Lastly, 
we will derive managerial implications of wishlisting for 
e-commerce platforms.
4 - Sequential Search Models: A Pairwise 
Maximum Rank Approach
Jiarui Liu, The University of Chicago, Chicago, IL
This paper studies a generalized sequential search model 
that allows for endogeneity and unknown distribution 
of consumers’ match value. Endogeneity arises when 
unobserved product quality affects both consumer choices 
and product observed characteristics (e.g. price or rankings 
on online search intermediaries). Ignoring endogeneity when 
it is present, or misspecifying the match value distribution 
leads to biased estimates of preferences and search costs. 
A likelihood approach to estimate the generalized model 
gives biased results. Therefore, I propose a new estimator - 
pairwise maximum rank (PMR) estimator - for both preference 
and search cost parameters. I show that the PMR estimator 
is consistent using only data on consumers’ search order 
within any pair of products rather than data on consumers’ full 
consideration set or final purchase. Additionally, we can use 
the PMR estimator to test for the true match value distribution 
in the data. In the empirical application, I apply the PMR 
estimator to quantify the effect of rankings in Expedia hotel 
search using two samples of the data set, to which consumers 
are randomly assigned. One sample has endogenous 
rankings, and the other sample has randomly generated 
rankings. I find the position effect to be 0.11-0.36 usd, and the 
effects estimated using the two samples are similar.
FC10
Virtual Room 10
Marketing and Regulation
Special Sessions
Chair: Sarah Moshary
University of Chicago, Chicago, IL 
1 - Strategic Avoidance and Welfare Impacts of 
U.S. Solar Panel Tariffs
Bryan K Bollinger, NYU Stern School of Business, 
New York, NY
Todd Gerarden, Kenneth Gillingham, Drew 
Vollmer, Daniel Xu
This study examines the effects of a series of tariffs imposed 
by the  on imported solar panels in 2012, 2014, and 2018. To 
do so, we bring together data on solar panel manufacturing, 
imports, and pricing. We first present evidence of tariff 
avoidance behavior by solar panel manufacturers, including 
strategic offshoring of production. We develop a strategic 
tariff’’ measure that accounts for this tariff avoidance behavior, 
and we find that strategic tariff rates differ substantially from 
statutory tariff rates. In particular, they are much lower than 
statutory rates in 2012 and 2014. In contrast, avoidance of 
the 2018 tariffs was more difficult due to their broad-based 
nature, and this is reflected in higher strategic tariff rates. 
We embed these strategic tariff rates in a Cournot model of 
manufacturer competition that appears to match the market, 
and include a dynamic model of solar demand to quantify 
the real impacts of tariffs on solar panel prices, solar panel 
adoption, and heterogeneity in manufacturers’ responses. We 
find strong evidence that firms relocated production due to 
the tariffs. We further show that the tariffs produce small gains 
for firms with domestic manufacturing, but this comes at the 
cost of large losses for consumers and installers.
2 - Advertising Content and Quantity
Avery Haviv, Simon School of Business, Rochester, NY
In a digital advertising context, firms are able to quickly 
make changes to their marketing plans, as ad auctions are 
performed shortly before delivery. However, most television 
advertising by large firms is pre-committed in the upfront 
market, which takes place in Spring. This market was worth 9 
billion dollars in 2018. Pre-commitment might prevent firms 
from changing their advertising spending in response to the 
state of their rival, though they are still able to change their 
advertising content. I develop a dynamic structural model to 
investigate how firms advertising behavior changes when they 
are able to adjust their advertising spending on a monthly 
basis, in response to their rivals advertising spending, and 
brand equity. I study the effect of this pre-commitment 
problem in the duopolistic US consumer battery market. 
Advertising effectiveness is identified by looking at how 
variation in category demand correlates with the relative 
demand of branded batteries.
3 - Marketing and Experimentation for Behavioral 
Change: Adapting to Drought in California
Kristina Brecko, University of Rochester, Rochester, NY
Wesley Hartmann
This project examines whether smart technology products 
can shift behavior of those unmotivated by a social objective. 
In the context of drought in California, we implement a 
field experiment to evaluate the drivers of adoption of such 
products and measure their effectiveness in altering water 
usage. In conservation settings, the biggest opportunities 
for change can reside with those consumers who place a 
high value on use of the resource and/or face high costs 
of reducing their consumption of the resource. Smart 
technology products have the ability to conserve resources 
while addressing both concerns; e.g., in our context, they can 
improve the health of the landscape while efficiently using 
water. Evaluation of this type of program is complex and not 
well addressed with traditional RCTs that apply a non-scalable 
level of treatment on a self-selected population. Compliance 
will be low, since the solution is for a potentially narrow yet 
difficult to target segment. To address these challenges, 
we frame the compliance problem as a marketing problem. 
We design a sequence of experiments that (i) test drivers of 
adoption and (ii) use those learnings to promote wide-scale 
adoption to evaluate effectiveness of the product on the 
treated population. We find that scaling adoption of an IOT 
irrigation controller involves a mix of price incentives and 
installation services. This allows us to evaluate impacts on the 
efficiency of irrigation.
4 - A Consumer-centric Framework for Firearms 
Regulation
Sarah Moshary, University of Chicago, Chicago, IL
Bradley T. Shapiro, Sara Drango
This paper estimates consumer demand for firearms with 
the purpose of evaluating the likely impacts of firearm 
regulations. We first conduct a stated-choice-based conjoint 
analysis and estimate an individual level demand model 
for firearms. We validate our estimates using aggregate 
moments from observational data. Next, we use our 
estimates to simulate changes in the number and types of 
guns in circulation under alternative regulations. Importantly, 
we find that bans or restrictions that specifically target 
assault weapons increase demand for handguns, which are 
associated with the vast majority of firearm-related violence. 
We also find that the consumer surplus associated with 
firearm purchase is sufficiently high that an outright ban on 
firearms may be infeasible both politically and economically.
FC12
Virtual Room 12
Managing Product Returns
Special Sessions
Chair: Sara Valentini
Bocconi University, Bologna, Italy
Co-Chair: Scott Andrew Neslin
Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth, Hanover, NH
Co-Chair: Elisa Montaguti
University of Bologna, Bologna, Italy
1 - Is it How You Start How You Finish? Customer 
Return Rate Evolution Over Time
Tulin Erdem, New York University, New York, NY
Siham El Kihal, Christian Schulze
Do customers’ product return rates evolve over time? If 
so, what influences this evolution and how do previous 
experiences with an online retailer as well as customer-
specific characteristics impact evolution patterns across 
customers? Moreover, what is the implication of this evolution 
on profits? This article provides answers to these questions. 
The results show that (1) the majority of customers exhibit 
increasing return rates over time, (2) purchase feedback (e.g., 
customers’ learning about product quality and fit) decreases 
return rates, (3) there is a strong positive state dependence 
in customer return rates as current return rate is an increasing 
function of past return rates, implying learning about the 
return process and habit formation, (4)socio-demographic 
and psychographic customer characteristics do not have a 
substantial impact on customer return rates, and (5) customers 
with an increasing return rate are 40% less profitable in 
the first year and 50% less profitable after five years than 
customers with a decreasing return rate. These findings 
highlight the need for managers to consider customer return 
rates evolution in their decision making.
2 - It’s Not Only What They Buy, it’s Also What 
They Keep: Linking Marketing Instruments to 
Product Returns
Edlira Shehu, Copenhagen Business School, 
Copenhagen, Denmark
Siham El Kihal
Online retailers implement various marketing instruments 
to boost their sales. These marketing instruments can not 
only impact sales, but also product returns. However, when 
assessing their performance, retailers often ignore potential 
return effects. Theoretically, marketing instruments could 
increase or decrease returns, depending on how they affect 
expected and experienced costs and benefits related to 
a product. In this paper, we empirically examine whether, 
and how a comprehensive set of marketing instruments 
(newsletters, catalogs, coupons, free shipping, paid search, 
affiliate advertising and image advertising) affects product 
returns. We use data from two major online retailers and show 
that return effects vary largely across marketing instruments. 
Surprisingly, none of the instruments reduces product returns. 
Newsletters, paid search, catalogs and free shipping increase 
returns substantially by up to 18%. For free shipping and 
catalogs, the return effects emerge prevalently for fashion 
categories, whereas online advertising and newsletters 
increase returns of both fashion and non-fashion products. 
These findings enhance our understanding of how firm-
initiated marketing instruments affect returns and provide 
guidance for online retailers in multimedia environments.
3 - Promoting Product Returns: Effects of Price 
Reductions on Customer Return Behavior
Tammo H A Bijmolt, University of Groningen, Groningen, 
Netherlands
Christian Friedrich Hirche, Maarten Gijsenberg
Online retailers vary product prices over time, in order to 
influence customer purchase behavior. Problem is, customers 
might also change their return behavior based on observed 
and paid prices. Price reductions thereby potentially affect 
returns both of purchases made during the price reduction 
and of purchases made before the price reduction but 
which are still eligible for returning. This study investigates 
the influence of both at-purchase and post-purchase price 
reductions on product returns using a unique database of 
a large European online retailer containing more than 83.7 
million purchases and more than 37.5 million returns in over 
300 product categories. Results show that both at-purchase 
and post-purchase price reductions can both foster and lower 
product returns, depending on prior customer behavior. 
While both types of price reductions lead to more returns 
for customers that have returned due to a similar type of 
price reduction before, they also lead to fewer returns for 
customers that have not returned due to a price reduction 
before. We discuss managerial implications based on the 
result that accounting for the impact of price reductions 
on product returns helps online retailers to increase 
their profitability.
4 - Free Riding the Return Stock: How to Turn 
Returns into a Profit Driver
Scott Andrew Neslin, Tuck School of Business at 
Dartmouth, Hanover, NH
Elisa Montaguti, Sara Valentini
Returning products has become standard practice among 
consumers, and the habit of returning merchandising does 
not diminish over customers’ lifetime. Returns have become 
a significant pain point for online retailers. However, it is 
exacerbated by retailers’ marketing activities, which can 
encourage customers to make riskier purchases, thus 
producing more returns (Shehu et al., 2020). Paradoxically, we 
contend that returns in fact can enable retailers to allocate 
marketing moreefficiently and hence maximize profits. 
Specifically, firms can maximize profits by optimally allocating 
marketing resources to feed the stock of ‘goodwill’ generated 
by product returns. This stock translates into increased profits 
in the long term. To test this hypothesis, we estimate a four-
equation model that traces the impact of different marketing 
activities on purchase behavior, order size, decision to return, 
and the amount returned. The model includes a return stock 
variable capturing the dynamic effect of returns on purchase 
behavior. We then dynamically optimize the marketing 
resource budget allocation taking into account returns. Our 
results show that the return stock dynamics can be leveraged 
to increase customer profitability. As a result, companies can 
free ride on product returns and increase profits by better 
shaping their marketing activities. We also show that ignoring 
the product return dynamics will lead managers to incorrect 
marketing decisions.
FC13
Virtual Room 13
Social Media: Engagement
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Bruce Dore
McGill University, Montreal, QC, Canada
1 - Social Pricing Across Products and Consumers: 
Randomized Field Experiments on a 
Comprehensive Online Retailer
Haibing Gao, Renmin University of China, Beijing, China
Online retailers are meshing their pricing strategies with 
consumers’ social networks, aiming to reach the pattern of 
social pricing: i.e., consumers with higher social network 
value enjoy better (cheaper) prices. For example, many online 
retailers allow consumers to invite peers from social networks 
to request a discount for their purchases. Under social pricing, 
online retailers may benefit from more sales and profit 
because it encourages more proactive social interactions 
among consumers and thus produces larger social influence 
on peers’ purchases. By collaborating with a comprehensive 
online retailer in China, this study conducts several 
randomized field experiments to investigate the effectiveness 
of social pricing across products and consumers. The first 
experiment shows that usefulness of social pricing varies with 
product and consumer characteristics. We find that social 
pricing is more effective in promoting new products than 
existing products. Exploration of the underlying mechanism 
shows that new products can more readily attract consumer 
attention and thus encourage information sharing among 
social networks. Moreover, social pricing is more effective in 
enhancing sales and profit among experience products than 
search products. The underlying cause is that consumers have 
greater desire to share purchases of experience products (vs. 
search products). The second experiment shows that social 
pricing is more effective among variety seeking consumers 
of different brands than loyal consumers of the same brand, 
if the retailer’s goal is to stimulate cross buying of different 
brands. However, social pricing is more useful among loyal 
consumers (than variety seeking consumers), if the retailer’s 
purpose is to promote repeat purchases of the same brand.
2 - Digital Content Exploration: The Tradeoff 
Between Self-navigation and Limited 
Recommendations
Qi Xie, University of Minnesota, Minneapolis, MN
Linli Xu, George John
The dramatic growth of digital content platforms has 
significantly expanded consumers’ content access but 
also led to an information overload problem. Hence, the 
recommendation system has been widely used by digital 
content platforms to facilitate consumers’ content exploration 
process. In general, most recommendation systems could 
be classified into two types: a self-navigation recommender 
and a single-item embedded recommender. The former 
generates a large number of alternatives for consumers to 
choose from, whereas the latter is only recommending a 
single item embedded in a clicked content. Using data from 
a short-video platform that employs both recommendation 
systems, we explore how the interaction of these two systems 
influences users’ digital content consumption. Our model-free 
evidence suggests a non-sequential responding path under 
the self-navigation mode and a synergy between the two 
recommendation systems. We then build an empirical model 
encompassing a sequence of micro decisions to describe 
consumers’ searching and viewing actions. The results further 
indicate the duration and the number of videos a user has 
browsed the front page as well as the content variety, quality 
and position can affect both the flow of users’ exploration 
process and their viewing choices. We also find that a higher 
level of content variety from previously viewed videos could 
help drive more subsequent consumptions.
3 - Brand Activism on Social Media and 
Consumer Responses
Seoyoung Kim, Doctoral Candidate, University of Georgia, 
Athens, GA
Sundar G Bharadwaj
Notwithstanding the inherent risk of speaking out about 
social controversies, brands are feeling the pressure to 
participate in the wave of activism and take a stand on various 
social problems. Faced with the dilemma of escalating calls 
for activism and the inevitable riskiness of activist actions, 
brands are still left uncertain about whether and how they 
can advantageously incorporate activism in their marketing 
communication on social media. Against this backdrop, 
this study investigates conditions under which a brand’s 
activist action can generate favorable consumer responses. 
Analyzing a rich multi-source daily panel dataset composed 
of brands’ activist actions on social media (i.e., Instagram) 
and extensive panel survey on brand perception with 
Bidirectional Encoder Representations from Transformers 
(BERT) and causal inference techniques, this study suggests 
that a brand’s activist action that is comprehensible, truthful, 
sincere, and legitimate can engender favorable consumer 
responses towards the brand. Overall, this study is expected 
to contribute to theory and practice by shedding light on how 
brands can overcome the risk of being an activist and how 
brands should implement brand activism.
4 - Informational Components of the Social 
Spread of Digital Content
Bruce Dore, McGill University, Montreal, QC, Canada
Marketing research has identified correlates of the spread 
of digital content but has not yet identified patterns of text 
meaning that predict this spread with high accuracy. We used 
machine learning to develop a language-based signature 
of content sharing, trained on over 3 million messages from 
social media. Specifically, we apply a technique known as 
word embeddings to represent the meaning of social media 
posts. Next, we use these embedding vectors as input 
variables to a partial least squares model trained to predict 
sharing counts. This resulted in a linguistic signature of social 
sharing (a pattern of regression weights across semantic 
vectors) that can be used to make sharing predictions in held-
out social media data. This signature predicted sharing with 
substantially higher accuracy than models drawn from prior 
theory, generalizing across content categories, publishers, 
and time. Signature expression was not highly predictive of 
excess message liking or commenting, suggesting that it is 
not an index of positive evaluation or general engagement, 
but specific to social transmission. The components of 
this signature spanned multiple psychological categories, 
including negative affect, temporal focus, social perspective, 
and perceptual processes, with no single category necessary 
or sufficient for the signature’s overall predictive efficacy. 
Finally, we show that contextualized, publisher-specific 
versions of the signature reach even higher accuracy than 
the generalizable ‘one-size-fits-all’ version, indicating that 
the content drivers of content sharing vary substantially by 
context. Overall, this work derives an interpretable text-
analytic model of the sharing potential of digital content, 
providing a basis for new taxonomies of the content 
dimensions and social processes that drive the spread of 
information at scale.
FC14
Virtual Room 14
Text, Digitization, and NLP I
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Serena Pugliese
Bocconi University
1 - Encouraging Donors to Donate in 
Donation-based Crowdfunding: A Network 
Representation Learning Approach
Jiyeon Hong, University of Wisconsin-Madison, 
Madison, WI
Qing Liu
Improvement in donor retention is one key aspect for 
nonprofit organizations (NPOs) to sustain their businesses. 
In our empirical context of this project, its potential impact 
is further highlighted by the fact that only about 30% of all 
donors make more than one contribution on DonorsChoose.
org, a donation-based crowdfunding platform. Economic 
theory suggests that reducing the non-financial costs of 
making a contribution should increase donor retention. In 
this regard, we focus on developing a recommendation 
tool to help donors quickly identify projects likely to be of 
their greatest interest. However, the dominance of one-time 
donors presents a challenge for existing recommendation 
tools (e.g., user-item collaborative filtering). Such tools 
generally rely on a long history of user activities to infer user 
interest for recommendation, but we cannot rely on that 
rich information in our context. To address this challenge, 
we leverage advances in Network Representation Learning 
using the underlying network structure to enrich the available 
information on donors’ interests. Specifically, we leverage 
autoencoders to incorporate topological relationships 
between donors and projects as well as the donor- and 
project-level attributes. Results from our preliminary 
substantive analysis reveal different drivers of donation for 
different donor segments. Based on our findings, we aim 
to provide managerial insights on how to tailor marketing 
messages for each segment to achieve a higher donor 
engagement in the platform.
2 - Leveraging Consumer Complaints to Make 
Product Recall Decisions
yujie Qu, Central South University, Changsha, China
Wen Shi, Jia Liu
This paper develops a methodological framework that can 
predict product recall probability and facilitate the creation of 
recall statements, based on past consumer complaints which 
have been acknowledged as the main trigger of product 
recalls in practice. The framework is built on a nonparametric 
Bayesian topic model, called Hierarchical Dual Pitman-Yor 
Process (HDPYP). HDPYP can extract defect topics and 
quantify the relative semantic importances of all complaints 
that are associated with the same recall statement. HDPYP 
can be empowered by any prediction model (e.g., logistic 
regression, survival model, and random forest), which can 
predict the probability of whether a product will be recalled 
from the market given all the complaints observed so far and 
the estimated importances from HDPYP. HDPYP can also 
estimate the extent to which each defect topic in consumer 
complaint is deemed summary worthy by the people who 
need to write the recall statement. We apply our proposed 
framework in automobile complaints and recall data sets from 
the U.S. automobile market. We show that our topic model 
can generate meaningful substantive insights. We also show 
that our topic model can provide a more meaningful way to 
aggregate all the information across consumer complaints so 
that prediction accuracy can be significantly improved under 
any prediction model.
3 - From Sale Descriptions to Perceived Warmth 
and Competence of Providers
Hamid Shirdastian, Concordia University, Montreal, 
QC, Canada
Michel Laroche
Building on the speech act theory, we examined how 
sale descriptions have an impact on consumers’ social 
cognitions of service providers and how they could be used 
to generate new content. Previous studies only focused on 
general linguistic characteristics. However, we added to the 
social cognition literature by examining the combination 
of warmth and competence in an in-field observation of 
user-generated content in the sharing economy context. 
The dataset contained 398,926 reviews for 11,678 Airbnb 
properties, located in a North American city (from August 
2010 to November 2021). We measured how different types 
of service providers (amateurs vs. professionals) and certain 
concreteness levels (abstract vs. concrete) change the 
perceived warmth and competence of the service providers. 
Applying Natural Language Processing (NLP) methods, we 
analyzed the guest reviews and the property descriptions 
and found lower perceived warmth and competence for 
amateur hosts as well as higher social cognition from 
more concrete descriptions. Moreover, we discovered that 
in abstract descriptions, amateurs used a more positive 
sentiment description than professionals. Not only did the 
results suggest that higher positive listing sentiment led to 
more positive social cognition but also it fully meditated 
the effects of listing concreteness on social cognition. The 
findings showed the role of linguistic concreteness and 
sentiment analysis on both social cognition dimensions for 
service providers. The research not only contributes to more 
easily incorporating linguistic theories in marketing but also 
advances the literature in terms of understanding how textual 
communications influence user perceptions. It could also help 
develop more accurate Natural language generation (NLG) 
algorithms to communicate.
4 - Culture of Innovation: A Comprehensive 
Literature Review using Latent Dirichlet 
Association
Serena Pugliese, Bocconi University, Milan, Italy
Verdiana Giannetti, Sourindra Banerjee
Firms and countries need to develop a culture where 
innovation flourishes in order to survive and thrive in today’s 
ever-changing environment. Against this backdrop, the 
concept of culture of innovation has long captured the 
attention of academics and practitioners (Tellis, Prabhu, 
and Chandy 2009). While research on innovation has been 
organized into systematic frameworks (Rubera and Kirca 
2012), research on culture of innovation has not been 
organized into such systematic frameworks. Research in this 
area can be classified into two broad streams: (1) research on 
the impact of national culture on innovation within a country 
and (2) research on the impact of organizational culture on 
innovation within a firm (Tellis et al. 2009). We argue that 
the concept of culture of innovation is far more nuanced, 
therefore requiring a deep dive analysis. In order to approach 
this task as objectively as possible, we use NLP techniques, 
in parallel with our manual classification, at each step of the 
literature review process. Although there is no standard NLP 
ready-to-use method that we can easily reapply for this task, 
when we focus on the individual steps of a literature review 
process, different NLP methods can be applied at each step 
to assist researchers in identifying the necessary papers and 
how they are related.
Friday, 12:45pm–1:45pm
FD02
Virtual Room 02
Product Adoption
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Kanoko Go
Atomi University, Niiza-shi, Japan
1 - Marketing Ability and Product Choice: A 
Game Theory Approach
Chi-Cheng Wu, National Sun Yat-sen University, Kaohsiung 
City, Taiwan
Vu Linh Trang
This study demonstrated the impacts of marketing 
capabilities on the choice of product by businesses through 
a detailed investigation into the case of Samsung TVs. While 
OLED panels are significantly appreciated by experts and 
researchers as a whole new level of technology for TV display 
(Jia, 2018; Sheedy, Hayes, & Engle, 2003; and Jang, et al., 
2019), QLED panels are modestly considered as an advanced 
version of the classic LED screen. Despite numerous 
predictions from experts along with the public, Samsung had 
been unexpectedly determined with its decision of making 
QLED TVs as its major TV offerings. This research approached 
and analyzed this decision of Samsung vis a game theory 
model. The results showed that Samsung with its competitive 
Marketing capabilities compared to LG would benefit the 
most when producing QLED TVs despite the less competent 
technology that this panel type possesses compared OLED 
TVs. Samsung in this case could obtain benefits from its 
significant product differentiation and effective Marketing 
ability. From the theoretical view, the outcome of this study 
has confirmed the findings of a number of previous researches 
and studies on the role that marketing capabilities play as a 
driver of an organization’s performance. The study’s outcomes 
have first fortified what has been suggested by Makdok 
(1998) or Masaaki Kotabe and Aulakh (2002) that enterprises 
could enjoy privileges from its customers through owning 
capabilities. In this case, even though Samsung is using a 
technology that is less superior compared to what used by 
its rivals, it is still a market leader by being able to reach an 
optimal level of marketing efficiency.
2 - How do Variety-seeking Consumers Respond 
to Product Assortment Changes: Evidence 
from Vending Machines
Yi Zhang, Hong Kong University of Science and 
Technology, Hong Kong
Andrew Ching, Jia Liu, Kohei Kawaguchi
In the retail industry, it is believed that introducing new 
products and replacing existing products is essential for 
keeping the product lineup updated and attractive. Using 
a novel data set of vending machines purchases in Japan 
railway stations and a synthetic diff-in-diff framework, this 
paper studies how consumers with different variety-seeking 
tendency respond to such product assortment changes. We 
find that introducing new products increases the sales for a 
vending machine by attracting new consumers. Moreover, 
new products do not cannibalize the sales of existing 
products. We also show that, although removing consumers’ 
favorite products reduces the sales in the vending machine, 
keeping diverse product assortments within-and-between 
vending machines prevents drops in sales due to within- and 
between-vending machine substitution from consumers. We 
also find that low variety-seeking consumers are more likely 
to substitute between vending machines due to the search of 
their favorite products, while high variety-seeking consumers 
tend to stay within the vending machine for other products.
3 - Integrating Scenario into Consumer 
Decision Model
Kanoko Go, Atomi University, Saitama, Japan
In recent years, products have become smart as they are able 
to connect to the Internet and other devices. Such feature 
provides consumers with multiple scenarios of product usage. 
Therefore, these scenarios have attracted considerable 
interest in consumer decision-making research. With regard 
to consumer decision-making, the multi-attribute decision 
model has traditionally been studied. However, when the 
product is complicated or having a new attribute, the model 
is difficult to apply. Therefore to deal with such as an under 
uncertain situations, the case-based decision model in which 
consumers made inferences based on their past experiences 
was proposed. Although these models can explain product 
evaluation itself, they do not consider scenarios making from 
product value. In this study, I aim to integrate product usage 
scenarios into consumer decision-making models (the multi-
attribute decision model and the case-based decision model). 
Specifically, three types of models are developed to adjust 
the integration of scenarios. In the first model, it is assuming 
consumers evaluate products and scenarios separately. In 
the second model, they evaluate products according to the 
most interesting scenarios. In the third model, they evaluate 
the products under each scenario.The three models are 
investigated through a questionnaire survey on the adoption 
decision for a smart display. The following five scenarios are 
examined for the smart display: It can make your home a 
smart one, It can make a call, It allows streaming, It allows 
browsing of recipes via voice operation, and It can be used to 
play voice games. As a result of estimations, the first model in 
which consumers conduct product and scenario evaluations 
yielded the best results. Therefore, this study found that 
scenarios could be integrated into the consumer decision-
making model as a different criterion for product evaluation.
FD03
Virtual Room 03
Influencers, Disclosure, and Misinformation
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Roman Welden
University of Tennessee, Knoxville, TN
1 - The Effect of Misinformation on 
Healthcare Consumption: Evidence from 
Prescription Claims
Ivan Belov, PhD Student, USC Marshall School of Business, 
Los Angeles, CA
Dinesh Puranam
The rapid spread of misinformation, disinformation, and fake 
news is a major challenge for modern society. Misinformation 
in the health sector is especially problematic as it potentially 
(1) imposes an additional financial burden on individuals and 
healthcare systems, (2) harms individuals taking unproven 
drugs, and (3) places the community at risk both in the short 
term and the long term. Consequently, we examine the effect 
of misinformation on healthcare consumption. Specifically, 
we ask a) how does a misinformation event affect short 
and medium-term healthcare consumption? b) are some 
demographic groups more susceptible to misinformation? 
c) is the institutional response from agencies like the FDA 
effective in mitigating the effects of such a misinformation 
event? and d) how does the spread of misinformation via 
word of mouth influence healthcare consumption? We exploit 
an announcement by President Trump regarding an unproven 
treatment for Covid-19 - Hydroxychloroquine (HCQ). We 
identify the effect of this announcement on HCQ claims 
by using prescription claims for other non-Covid drugs as 
controls. Using Bayesian Synthetic Controls and VAR models, 
we find evidence that misinformation events have a short-
lived impact, institutional responses can mitigate subsequent 
announcements favoring HCQ, and increased word-of-mouth 
engagement need not translate to increased HCQ claims. We 
discuss implications for policymakers, firms, and regulators.
Keywords: Quasi-experiment, healthcare, misinformation, 
trump, hydroxychloroquine, word of mouth
2 - Sponsorships in Livestreaming: 
Monetization and Disclosure Behavior of 
Influencers on Twitch
Ivan Li, Stanford GSB, Stanford, CA
Monetization via product placement, sponsorships, or co-
branding involves tradeoffs in the form of reduced product 
quality and/or diminished brand equity due to a sellout 
effect. Content creators, social media influencers, and even 
celebrities may obfuscate monetization attempts in order 
to circumvent brand equity costs. However, we know very 
little about the prevalence and effects of such attempts. I 
study such actions using a novel dataset of over 1000 of the 
most popular English-speaking influencers on Twitch.tv, the 
largest online video game livestreaming platform. My setting 
provides unique, quasi-random variation in the intensity of 
sponsorship disclosure; influencers can choose whether or not 
to lead their stream title with #ad or #sponsored, depending 
on how prominent they want to display sponsorships to 
potential viewers. I find that prominent disclosure is more 
common among influencers who rarely advertise, while 
frequently advertising influencers are more likely to obfuscate. 
I also find evidence for sellout effects of sponsored content 
decisions. Altogether, these descriptive facts support 
widespread anecdotes in the online livestreaming industry. 
I operationalize these findings using a dynamic framework 
involving advertising and disclosure decisions. My dynamic 
structural model allows me to quantify the long-run evolution 
of brand equity and its response to various counterfactual 
platform policies, such as mandatory full disclosure or levying 
commissions for external sponsorships.
3 - Post Versus Product Engagement of Influencer 
Endorsement Posts
Andres Musalem, U. of Chile, Santiago, Chile
Jan Klostermann, Martin Meissner
Influencer endorsements have become a key component of 
digital marketing strategies. Influencers compete for social 
media users’ attention by creating visually appealing content, 
and companies sponsor influencers who then endorse their 
products in personal posts. To measure the effectiveness of 
social media influencer (SMI) campaigns, marketers commonly 
track post engagement in the form of likes and comments 
received by sponsored posts. These metrics, however, do not 
allow marketers to fully assess the extent to which influencers 
succeed in directing attention to endorsed products. In this 
paper, in addition to post engagement, we consider a more 
direct metric of product engagement, which relies on the 
number of comments related to the endorsed product in a 
social media post. We outline a theoretical framework based 
on vision research that elucidates attentional processes, which 
differentially affect post and product engagement in the 
influencer marketing context. In particular, we hypothesize 
that SMIs face multiple tradeoffs between post and product 
engagement when creating and posting brand-sponsored 
content in social media. These hypotheses are tested by 
analyzing more than 6,000 influencer product endorsement 
posts on Instagram across two product categories. Our 
results reveal that some visual features that enhance post 
engagement decrease product engagement and vice 
versa. For example, the presence of a human face and 
smaller product depiction size drive post engagement but 
reduce product engagement. We then investigate whether 
these tradeoffs are moderated by the sender of the post. 
Accordingly, we compare SMI posts with brand-generated 
posts from the same product category and show that post 
and product engagement are positively correlated for brand 
posts, but not for SMI posts. This finding shows that the post 
vs. product engagement tradeoffs proposed in our theoretical 
framework apply to SMI posts, but not brand posts. Hence, 
empirical findings for brand post-engagement cannot be 
generalized to SMI posts.
4 - Sending the Wrong Message: Understanding 
Influencers Role in the Spread of 
Disinformation
Roman Welden, University of Tennessee, Knoxville, TN
Leah Smith, Michael Haenlein, Kelly Hewett
While influencer marketing provides many positives for 
society, its popularity has also given rise to the spread of 
disinformation. The growing role of influencers has led to 
an evolution of disinformation in terms of both reach and 
complexity. Nearly 40% of all social media users regularly 
share disinformation, triggering a need to understand 
how disinformation messages are structured and spread. 
Using affect as information theory, the authors propose that 
the structures surrounding an influencers social network 
(e.g., micro vs macro influencer, connections with other 
influencers) interacts with message elements (emotional 
valence, cognitive activation, and credibility) to impact the 
ways in which individuals react to disinformation messages. 
Using a proposed multi-method approach (including 
sentiment analysis of Twitter posts containing disinformation, 
social network analysis of influencers known to spread 
disinformation, biometric analysis of individuals exposed to 
disinformation, and lab/field experiments) the authors hope 
to show how these messages spread and the steps marketers, 
regulatory agencies, and other stakeholders can take to 
combat disinformation.
FD04
Virtual Room 04
Retailing III
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Marco Kotschedoff
KU Leuven, Antwerp, Belgium
1 - Shopping Distancing: The Impact of Travel 
Cost on Shopping Destination Choices
Albert Valenti, IESE Business School, Barcelona, Spain
Victor Martinez-de-Albeniz
Travel cost is a primary factor driving consumer choice of 
shopping destination. We analytically formulate how changes 
in travel cost sensitivity affect shopping destination choices. 
We show that increases in the sensitivity to travel cost can 
lead to increases in propensity to shop for destinations that 
are close to the individual. Using population-wide data sets 
of mall visits from four cities in two countries, we show that 
the COVID-19 pandemic increased the travel cost sensitivity 
during the lockdowns between 115% and 35%, depending 
on the city, and between 60% and 3% during the reopening 
phases. Besides temporal and location heterogeneity, we 
show that customer characteristics and environmental factors 
related to individual ability to choose significantly influence 
travel cost sensitivity changes. Our findings shed light on 
the implications of urban mobility policies that affect travel 
costs and are relevant for retail managers to assess consumer 
sensitivity changes to distance.
2 - May the Workforce Be With You: Consumers’ 
Behavioral Responses to Strike-induced 
Store Closures 
Marco Kotschedoff, KU Leuven, Antwerp, Belgium
Liliana Kowalczyk, Els Breugelmans
Nowadays, it regularly happens that grocery chains temporary 
have to close (some of) their stores due to strikes of their 
workforce. Despite this regularity of strike-induced store 
closures, research on consumers’ behavioral response to such 
closures is scarce. We investigate the impact of strike-induced 
store closures on consumers’ shopping behavior using 
household scanner panel data on grocery purchases (January 
2017 to December 2018) delivered by GfK Belgium to assess 
consumers’ response to a major strike of a large grocery chain 
in Belgium. During this strike about 100 out of 300 stores were 
temporary closed. We employ a difference-in-differences 
analysis, where we focus on consumers who regularly shop at 
the affected grocery chain and compare purchase behavior of 
consumers in this treatment group with that of consumers in a 
control group that shop in a comparable, competing grocery 
chain but that do not shop at the affected chain. Our results 
show significant evidence that consumers are less likely to 
shop and spend at the focal chain but more likely to shop and 
spend at competing chains during the strike. Interestingly, on 
average, the increase in spending at competing stores does 
not fully compensate for the decrease in spending at the focal 
chain, which points to a loss for the grocery sector in general. 
The findings of a drop in focal chain shopping incidence and 
spending hold even if none of the affected retailer stores 
in the direct proximity of the consumer were closed, albeit 
the effect is considerably weaker than if all or some stores 
in direct proximity are closed. This suggests that there is a 
considerable negative carry-over to stores of the chain that 
are not directly impacted by a closure. Furthermore, we find 
that drops in incidence and spending are not permanent and 
seem to vanish after two weeks, for the overall but also at 
the focal chain level.
FD05
Virtual Room 05
Data Driven Marketing II
Special Sessions
Chair: Simha Mummalaneni
University of Washington, Seattle, WA
Co-Chair: Daria Dzyabura
New Economic School, Moscow, Russian Federation
1 - Is Social Media Seeded with Polarizing News?
Hema Yoganarasimhan, University of Washington, 
Seattle, WA
Social media plays an important role in news consumption. 
We examine if and how the content of articles that users 
seed on social media (specifically, Facebook) differs from 
those sent through other electronic communications such as 
email. We use data from the New York Times Most Emailed 
and Most Shared on Facebook lists for a 2.5 year period to 
examine this question. We perform an LDA analysis of the 
corpus of articles in the two lists, and recover the top 40 
topics represented in these articles. We find that the topics 
in the articles seeded on social media are systematically 
different from those emailed. Articles on topics such as 
Books, Animals, Food, Real-estate, Nature, and Research 
are more commonly sent through email. In contrast, articles 
on more polarizing topics such as Politicians (Donald Trump, 
Joe Biden), Election investigation, Vaccine, Russia, Women’s 
rights, Pandemic, Police etc., are more likely to be posted on 
social media. Our results suggest that while recommendation 
systems used by social platforms have been blamed for 
promoting polarized news, the problem starts with the 
content/topics being seeded into social media platforms 
being systematically different from the general distribution of 
news available or shared elsewhere. Our research highlights 
the role of individual users in the polarization of news content 
on social media platforms.
2 - Leveraging the Power of Images in Managing 
Product Return Rates
John R Hauser, MIT, Cambridge, MA
Daria Dzyabura, Siham El Kihal, Marat Ibragimov
In online channels, products are returned at high rates. 
Shipping, processing, and refurbishing are so costly that 
a retailer’s profit is extremely sensitive to return rates. In 
many product categories, such as the $500 billion fashion 
industry, experiments in real time are not feasible because 
the fashion season is over before sufficient return data 
are observed. We demonstrate that posted fashion-item 
images enhance return-rate selection of assortments. We 
develop three interconnected models: (1) a machine-learning 
model to predict return rates using images and other data 
available prelaunch. The model predicts well; robustness 
tests suggest it’s hard to find a better-predicting model, (2) 
an optimal policy to maximize profit given the imperfect 
predictive model, and (3) an interpretable model based on 
automatically-extracted image-processing features. The 
model provides valuable insights with which to select and 
design fashion items for the website. Using data from a large 
European retailer (over 1.2 million transactions for nearly 
10,000 fashion items), we demonstrate that machine-learning 
methods are practical, scale to large collections and repeated 
fashion seasons, and improve profit relative to models using 
non-image data. We illustrate visually how automatically-
extracted features affect return rates. Finally, we illustrate how 
data available postlaunch help manage return rates.
3 - Making a Smooth Exit? Menthol Bans and 
Cigarette Sales in Massachusetts
Simha Mummalaneni, University of Washington, 
Seattle, WA
Ali Goli, Pradeep Chintagunta
Many public health regulators have advocated for a ban on 
menthol-flavored cigarettes because they are believed to 
be more dangerous than traditional non-menthol cigarettes. 
However, these bans will have limited benefits if consumers 
are able to circumvent them. We examine this issue by 
evaluating the effects of a statewide menthol ban that was 
instituted by Massachusetts in 2020. An examination of 
store-level retail sales data from Massachusetts indicates that 
some demand shifted from menthols to non-menthols after 
the ban was instituted, thereby supporting the goals of the 
ban. However, broadening our analysis to neighboring states 
shows a sharp increase in menthol sales in areas just outside 
the Massachusetts border, thereby suggesting that many 
Massachusetts residents were able to get around the ban by 
engaging in cross-state shopping for menthol cigarettes. The 
net result of this behavior is that the Massachusetts menthol 
ban reduced menthol consumption by about 50 percent and 
did not significantly reduce total cigarette sales. Our results 
demonstrate the importance of accounting for cross-state 
purchases when measuring the effects of menthol bans, and 
they also provide policymakers with guidance regarding the 
benefits of a national ban vs. statewide bans.
FD06
Virtual Room 06
AI and Automation
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Nina Hesel
Nuremberg Institute for Market Decisions e.V., 
Nuremberg, Germany
1 - When Beings Bargain with Bots
Sumon Chaudhuri, ESSEC Business School, Cergy, France
Arnaud De Bruyn
Artificial Intelligence (AI) has become an integral part of many 
business operations. Activities that were once thought to be 
exclusive to human beings are being successfully automated 
using AI, resulting in greater efficiency and profits. Automated 
CRM, adaptive FAQs, and chatbots are some examples that 
immediately spring to mind. An avenue that has recently 
garnered attention in the AI community is negotiation, with 
firms like RoboNegotiator gaining prominence. Given these 
recent developments it is crucial to understand how human 
beings behave when they negotiate with an AI, instead of 
humans, in practical scenarios. To address this question, we 
have developed an AI bot using supervised deep learning 
to replicate the behaviour of human beings in bargaining 
games, and simulate their behaviours in dynamic simulations. 
We will demonstrate a research framework to study such 
interactions realistically and show how it is possible to build AI 
agents that negotiate like humans. We then show how these 
agents can be trained to build super AI that beat human 
beings at their own game. Finally, we conclude by laying out 
a research agenda on human exploitability by AI and why this 
topic needs more academic attention moving forward.
2 - Humanoid Service Robots (HSRs) in 
Supporting Physician-patient Interactions: 
The Avatar May Need No Introduction!
Hari Ravella, Virginia Tech, Blacksburg, VA
Dipankar Chakravarti
Whereas HSRs offer potential for supporting physician-
patient interactions, recent research shows that patients 
may show low receptivity to HSRs due to concerns such as 
uniqueness neglect. Moreover, receptivity may be lower if 
the HSR is seen as replacing or leading the human physician 
vs. playing a supporting role.Our research (set in a breast 
cancer consultation context) examines how communication 
style (CS: empathetic/impassive manipulated via facial 
expression and voice tone) drives patient responses to the 
physician’s avatar (HSR) vs. the physician in-person. We also 
manipulate physician type (human/ similar avatar/ dissimilar 
avatar) and the patient mindset (hope/fear) about a breast 
cancer diagnosis. Relevant samples of adult females (from a 
web panel) evaluated videos of the purported interactions. 
In Study 1, the interaction included a preamble where the 
human physician introduced the avatar as an assistant, 
indicating that the diagnosis/treatment information would be 
provided on the next visit by the either the physician himself 
or the avatar (similar/ dissimilar). Participants then rated 
the interaction. Whereas mindset had no main effects on 
persuasion, trust, and liking, the empathetic (versus impassive) 
CS produced higher scores on each measure (all p’s< .0001). 
Notably, the human physician scored higher than either avatar 
(all p’s<.0001).Study 2 used an identical three-factor design. 
However, there was no preamble, and the human physician 
did not introduce the avatar. In this setting, both avatars 
scored higher than the human physician on persuasion, 
trust, and liking (ps <.0001). Our results suggest that patients 
may be receptive to avatar interactions when they are 
not introduced as assistants. Receptivity should improve 
as HSRs become common.
3 - Artificially Intelligent Marketplaces: Back-
testing Trading Bots in Peer-to-peer Markets
Pavel Kireyev, INSEAD, Fontainebleau, France
Ruiqi Lin
Peer-to-peer marketplaces have become ubiquitous. 
Increasingly, individual actors and the platforms themselves 
are implementing artificially intelligent bots to buy and 
resell items in these marketplaces to generate profits 
from the transactions. However, limited evidence exists 
of the profitability of these attempts, with some evidence 
of failures (e.g., Zillow’s iBuying for homes). We develop a 
statistical framework for back-testing trading bots in peer-
to-peer marketplaces and apply the model to an emerging 
marketplace for nonfungible tokens (NFTs). We show that 
bidding bots that adopt the strategy of submitting a large 
number of low bids on listings and reselling at higher prices 
can be profitable, whereas buying bots that attempt to 
identify underpriced items, purchase them for their listed 
prices, and then resell, are unlikely to be profitable. Our 
framework presents an approach to evaluate counterfactual 
historical outcomes in markets for illiquid items, allows for 
hyperparameter tuning to improve bot profitability, and can 
help market participants test different bot strategies.
4 - The Role of AI in Strategic Marketing Decision-
making: How Will Managers Collaborate with 
Smart Machines - Today and Tomorrow?
Nina Hesel, Nuremberg Institute for Market Decisions, 
Nuremberg, Germany
Fabian Buder
With increasing data availability and computing capacity, 
companies are intensifying their efforts to use artificial 
intelligence (AI) to generate business value. Particularly in the 
area of marketing, there is a great potential for the use of AI. 
To date, AI applications in marketing practice have focused 
primarily on automating processes at the operational level 
and gaining insights from big amounts of data. However, 
there is a growing expectation in academia that AI has the 
potential to support, augment, or even replace marketing 
managers in strategic-level decision-making.
Previous studies indicate that managers accept to give 
algorithms some weight in managerial decisions, but they 
still want to keep a certain level of control. However, the 
question how such a human-machine collaboration (HMC) on 
a strategic level might look like remains largely unanswered. 
Our study addresses this lack of empirical evidence by 
examining managers’ acceptance and future preferences 
regarding the weight and role of AI in strategic marketing 
decision-making. A five-category model is presented to 
evaluate the role of AI in collaboration with human managers. 
Based on its tasks and its level of autonomy, the role of AI can 
range from “no AI involved” to “Assistant”, “Collaborator”, 
“Project Manager” and “Manager”. The study examines 
differences between concrete types of marketing decisions 
and between specific tasks within decision-making processes.
The standardized survey study is based on a sample of 500 
high-level executives (C-suite or direct reports) responsible 
for marketing or corporate strategy from B2C-companies on 
the Global Forbes 2000 list.(Study currently in field phase, 
results by begin of may)
FD07
Virtual Room 07
Marketing of New Technology
Special Sessions
Chair: Tong Guo
Duke University, Durham, NC
Co-Chair: Zijun (June) Shi
HKUST, Clear Water Bay, Hong Kong
1 - Does Machine Learning Amplify Pricing 
Errors in Housing Market?: Economics of ML 
Feedback Loops
Nikhil Malik, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA
Platforms like Zillow offer Machine Learning algorithm 
(ML pricing) that predict sale prices for residential homes. 
These ML price models learn from observed sale prices, 
and simultaneously also influence those same sales. We 
analytically model this cyclical relationship between ML price 
and sale price (machine - human) called the ML feedback 
loop. We show that the ML price has a self-fulfilling nature 
which results in the ML model underestimating its own 
pricing error and market participants over-relying on the ML 
price. We show that these outcomes are more adverse when 
adoption of ML prices among market participants is higher. 
We identify market conditions in which introduction of ML 
pricing amplifies, instead of alleviating, erratic sale prices 
and makes seller payoffs worse off. We also find that sellers 
who are impatient, risk-neutral and have high ability to price 
privately - have most to gain from introduction of ML pricing. 
Using data from Zillow we empirically validate primitive 
building block of our analytical model. We find that home sale 
prices in 2019 had a significant 15% sensitivity to Zillow’s ML 
price (e.g., a $10,000 perturbation in the ML price shifts the 
sale price by $1,500). Finally, we suggest ML design choices 
that could correct the feedback loop. We discuss whether 
platforms are incentivized to follow these corrective strategies 
and the role of policymakers in regulating the same.
2 - Bullet Chatting as a Double-edged Sword
Xinyu Cao, NYU Stern, New York, NY
Zuo-Jun Max Shen
Bullet chatting (also called Danmaku or bullet curtain) is 
a combination of video and synchronous messaging and 
considered to create a sense of community for the viewers. 
It originates from Japan and is adopted by more and more 
video platforms, but there is still debate about whether bullet 
chats enhance viewing experience and how it affects people’s 
viewing behavior. We try to tackle this question utilizing a 
field experiment on a major short-video platform. The field 
experiment allows a randomly selected group of users to 
send bullet chats in an easier way. The treatment increases 
users’ tendency to send bullet chats. We make use of this 
experiment design to construct an instrument variable for the 
number of bullet chats in a video. Using this IV, we causally 
estimate the impact of bullet chats on viewers’ viewing and 
interacting behavior. We find that more bullet chats make 
viewers more likely to continue watching the video but less 
likely to interact---they become less likely to like the video 
or share the video. We further decompose the effect of 
typical bullet chat words.
3 - How to Sell Electric Vehicles?: The Impact of 
Direct Selling
Zijun (June) Shi, HKUST, Clear Water Bay, Hong Kong
Xubing Zhang, Ting Zhu, Mengze Shi
In the multi-trillion automobile industry, advances in hardware 
and software technologies are increasingly common, 
especially in the growing market of electric vehicles (EV); 
however, when it comes to how to sell the cars, innovation 
has been scant. In recent years, direct selling has been 
especially attractive to newly entering EV makers. However, in 
the US, the decades-old state dealer protection laws restrict 
automakers to selling their products only through franchised 
dealers. EV makers (pioneered by Tesla) have been fighting 
for the right to directly distribute cars to consumers. Our 
research addresses several questions that sparked the heated 
debate among managers and policy makers: how direct 
selling would affect the market outcome for EV and other 
types of vehicles, how the entry of direct selling stores affects 
dealers in the market, and how direct selling may affect 
consumer welfare. We answer these questions using causal 
inference methods and data provided by a major automaker 
in China, where there is no legal restriction on direct selling 
in the automobile industry. This research delivers several 
managerial and policy implications. First, for countries/
regions that allow direct selling, our results provide empirical 
evidence of market outcomes of the entry of direct selling. 
Second, for manufacturers in countries/regions that do not 
allow it (e.g., many states in the U.S.), our findings shed light 
on whether a change in public policy is desirable. Third, for 
dealers, our findings can help them understand the impact 
of a direct-selling store thus aid their decision making on 
the selling efforts.
4 - Adoption of Bioengineered Food
Boya Xu, Duke University, Durham, NC
Tong Guo, Daniel Xu
We study the early-stage adoption of impossible meat, a 
novel food technology that synthesizes meat substitutes by 
closely simulating the texture, flavor, and appearance of real 
meat. Unlike traditional veggie meat that targets vegans 
and vegetarians, impossible meat attempts to attract meat 
lovers with minimal taste differentiation. How would this 
apparently artificial food product gain its success while the 
market demands less bio-engineered and more organic 
food? We document the early-stage adoption pattern of 
impossible meat by overcoming the common challenges 
in understanding adoption of bio-engineered food: 1) the 
new technology usually does not reach consumers before 
first being adopted by intermediaries, for whom the data is 
often hard to obtain; 2) the documentation of the marketing 
antecedent of adoption decisions is incomplete and 
endogenous, making it hard to causally identify the driving 
factors behind the technology adoption. Focusing on the 
key players in their US market debut between 2015-2019, 
we construct a novel location-specific adoption metric that 
accurately measures the decisions of local intermediaries. To 
explain the adoption pattern, we analyze a comprehensive set 
of media corpus using Natural Language Processing. We find 
that local news focusing on knowledge sharing and financing 
of the new technology positively increases the regional 
adoption of impossible meat, whereas consumer WOM has 
little impact. We further propose the potential mechanisms 
for the success of the technology.
FD08
Virtual Room 08
Choice Modeling IV
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Gwen Ahn
Ross School of Business, Ann Arbor, MI
1 - Modeling Demand for Durables with Financing 
Option in Configurators
Tetyana Kosyakova, Frankfurt School of Finance & 
Management, Frankfurt, Germany
Thomas Otter, Arash Laghaie
Product configurators find application in many different 
industries, and companies are increasingly engaging in mass 
customization and offering consumers a menu of various 
features and options for configuring their own products and 
services. However, modeling demand for configured products 
is challenging for a number of reasons: i) the number of 
possible configurations (the size of the implied choice set) 
is large, ii) the typical configurator combines multinomial 
choices (e.g., the choice of a car engine) with menu choices 
(e.g., various optional features that in principle can be 
freely combined), iii) the possible configuration results span 
enormous price ranges (e.g., when configuring a car), and 
iv) configurators for high ticket items often include financing 
options. The resulting choice surface is both extremely 
high-dimensional and highly structured. We extend the 
model proposed in Kosyakova et al. (2020) to meet these 
challenges. We construct an exchange-algorithm that handles 
high-dimensional combinations of multinomial and menu 
choices that determine the final configuration (choice). In 
the underlying economic model of choice, we allow for two 
sets of liquidity constraints: one pertaining to the maximum 
non-financed purchase price and one reflecting the maximum 
monthly payment from a financed purchase. We illustrate our 
model in a case study that uses configurators in a discrete 
choice experiment in the car category.
2 - Discrete-choice Models and Representative 
Consumer Theory
Joonhwi Joo, The University of Texas at Dallas, 
Richardson, TX
Kyeongbae Kim, Jean-Pierre H Dube
Abstract We characterize the indirect utility function 
corresponding to a broad class of discrete-choice additive 
random-utility models of individual consumer behavior with 
perfect substitutes preferences and divisible goods. We 
then link this class of models to representative consumer 
theory. In particular, the aggregate demand function can be 
derived from a single representative consumer with a class 
of preferences that nests the CES model depending on the 
assumed distribution of random utility. We also show that the 
representative consumer is normative, facilitating aggregate 
welfare analysis for this same broad class of models. This 
linkage hinges on the divisibility of products. When products 
are indivisible, we show that integrability fails, indicating the 
lack of a representative consumer formulation for the pure 
discrete-choice model of demand. These findings should 
be of interest to the literatures in macro, trade and labor 
economics that use representative consumer models such as 
CES and its variants, insofar as the functional form assumption 
can be shown to be consistent with an empirically-relevant 
class of models of behavior that are routinely used in the 
discrete-choice analysis of micro data.
3 - Leveraging Thick Descriptions to Customize 
Bundles for Experiential Goods: An 
Application to Performing Arts Subscriptions
Gwen (Geun Hae) Ahn, University of Michigan, 
Ann Arbor, MI
Eric Schwartz, Fred M Feinberg
Many companies offer curated product bundles with multiple 
components, like meal kits, wines, sports packages, and arts 
performances. Customizable bundles allow consumers willing 
to precommit to a purchase of a minimum size to freely pick 
their bundle’s component items. While offering flexibility, this 
imposes a substantial cognitive burden for the consumer, 
as the space of possible bundles quickly grows prohibitively 
(e.g., over 2 million possible bundles of five for a 50-item 
assortment). This burden is exacerbated when the component 
items are experiential (e.g., theater performances), and not 
obviously comparable to items from past seasons. To help 
consumers navigate this complexity, firms need to make 
recommendations that balance consumers’ idiosyncratic 
preferences with their (potential) desire for within-bundle 
variety, even for items that have never been offered before.
Here, we leverage consumers’ choices of customized 
performing arts bundles to inform a novel model that 
captures heterogeneous trade-offs between performance 
attribute preferences and bundle-level variety. Instead 
of relying exclusively on pre-defined genres (e.g., dance, 
orchestra, etc.), we use textual analysis of consumer-facing 
brochure descriptions. This provides attributes (latent 
topics) enabling utility for “new” performances to be 
projected into future seasons. These rich attributes in turn 
allow the construction of a wide range of variety metrics to 
heterogeneously measure consumers’ marginal value for 
bundle variety. Such holistic bundle variety measures improve 
the model’s predictive performance over one that only 
accounts for a priori performance “genres”, the identification 
of those consumers who do value bundle variety, as well 
as enabling superior recommendations individually and 
across the consumer pool.
FD09
Virtual Room 09
Information Goods and Content
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Chutian Wang
University of Maryland, Hyattsville, MD
1 - Effects of Competition on Ad Content
Leonie Gehrmann, University of Mannheim, 
Mannheim, Germany
Stefan Kluge, Florian Stahl
The impact of competition on various aspects of firm behavior 
in general and on advertising strategy in particular has been 
heavily investigated. For instance, existing literature streams 
explore advertising timing, determining that ad pulsing in-
sync with competitors is a dominant and profitable form of 
advertising incidence. A substantial body of literature also 
explores the relative usage of persuasive and informative 
advertising. The nature of differentiation has been shown 
to determine which approach is more helpful to attract 
consumers in the competitive market. However, little empirical 
research has been performed to compare competitors’ ad 
strategies beyond timing.
This study assesses how the type of competition in a 
market affects advertising content and design of print 
advertisements. More specifically, this study considers 
the role of competition intensity and analyzes both the 
timing and content of advertising campaigns of firms 
competing in the same product market. We derive various 
managerial implications to be considered when defining an 
advertising strategy.
2 - Does Behavioral Targeting Hurt Brands? 
The Effect of Third-party Data Sharing on 
Brand Attitudes
Ngan Vo, PhD Candidate, University of Manitoba, 
Winnipeg, MB, Canada
Rajesh V. Manchanda
Behavioral targeting has become a dominant approach to 
target consumers in the digital economy. This marketing 
practice has accelerated thanks to technological advances 
that constantly monitor consumer behavior (e.g., through 
search data, browsing history, voice recognition) and via 
unauthorized data sharing practices among firms. Although 
some work has suggested that behavioral targeting benefits 
firms (e.g., improving consumers’ response to advertisements, 
improving performance of communication), this stream of 
research has largely assumed that consumers were unaware 
of such practices. Today such naivety is, however, rare. In 
fact, consumers feel strongly about their information privacy: 
55.8 % of consumers feel the loss of their privacy and favor 
the enactment of strong information privacy laws, up from 
26% in Westin’s 2000 study. In this research, we provide 
more evidence for the downside of behavioral targeting 
practices. Through two studies, we find that behavioral 
targeting in which third-party data sharing practice were 
made more salient was detrimental to both focal and affiliated 
brands. Specifically, controlling for pre-brand attitudes, 
consumers in the behavioral targeting condition (vs. control 
condition) reported less favorable brand attitudes towards 
both focal and affiliated brands. This effect was mediated 
by an increase in consumers’ perception of creepiness 
following a behavioral targeting practice. We also found 
evidence for the moderating role of individuals’ level of 
privacy knowledge, which has been understudied in privacy 
research. Specifically, the indirect effect was significant 
among those who have moderate and high level of privacy 
knowledge, but insignificant among those who have low level 
of privacy knowledge.
3 - The Accuracy of News
Chutian Wang, Unviersity of Maryland, College Park, MD
Bo Zhou, Yogesh V Joshi
News consumers are seeking information and updating their 
beliefs about the true state of the world which is random 
in nature. While news does not always accurately reflect 
the truth, it can help consumers reduce their uncertainty 
about the true state of the world, and thus increases their 
expected utility. The accuracy of news influences consumers’ 
willingness to pay and depends on the production cost for 
the media firm. We model a media firm’s news provision 
strategy as well as consumers’ news consumption decisions. 
We find that consumers value news more under higher prior 
uncertainty. If investigation and reporting are of low costs, the 
media firm offers news with full accuracy. As news reporting 
becomes more costly, news provision will be profitable only 
when consumers’ prior belief is not too extreme so that they 
see enough value in news. Although consumers seek the 
truth, the cost of news provision can still lead to reporting 
inaccuracy. In particular, the media firm would allocate more 
resources on accurately reporting the state which is more 
likely a priori to increase its probability of presenting the truth. 
In equilibrium, such allocation of resources will result in an 
exaggeration of the likelihood of the more likely state a priori. 
We extend the model to study the impact of polarization 
in consumers’ prior beliefs on news accuracy. We find that 
polarization makes reporting less accurate when the cost 
of news provision is moderate, but has no impact when the 
cost is low or high. The reason is that although polarization 
decreases the firm’s incentive to provide accurate reporting, 
the significance of its impact varies across cost levels. 
Interestingly, polarization can make news reporting more 
accurate when the media firm cares not only about earning 
profits but also about improving consumers’ probability 
of being correct about the truth. Polarization means 
consumers initially show less interest in learning from news, 
which then incentivizes the firm to attract consumers with 
more accurate reporting.
FD10
Virtual Room 10
Politics, Ideology and Identity in Marketing
Special Sessions
Chair: Andrew Ching
Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, MD
Co-Chair: Z. Jessie Liu
Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, MD
1 - Impact of Market Structure on Regulatory 
Compliance: Evidence from Online 
Censorship in China
Z. Jessie Liu, Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, MD
This paper studies the role of market structure in regulatory 
compliance through a unique empirical example: censorship 
via content removal by three major live-streaming platforms 
in China. Based on 30 unexpected sensitive events, I first 
present reduced-form evidence that the largest platform 
censored a higher number of keywords and complied faster 
on average than the smaller platforms. I then develop and 
estimate a structural model where platforms compete for 
users by choosing whether to comply with the government’s 
censorship requests. By complying immediately, platforms 
may lose users who prefer to evade censorship by switching 
out. By delaying compliance, platforms incur a political 
cost but it also allows them to attract new users from their 
competitors who quickly comply with the government’s 
censorship requests. My counterfactual analysis predicts 
that centralizing market power via merging or shutting 
down small platforms could backfire and lead to a lower 
scope of censorship.
2 - Spilling the Beans on Political Consumerism: 
Do Social Media Boycotts and Buycotts 
Translate to Real Sales Impact?
Jurate Liaukonyte, Cornell University, Ithaca, NY
Brands increasingly face pressure from consumers to take 
a stance on political issues, but there is limited empirical 
evidence about the effect of political consumerism on sales. 
In this paper, we quantify the consequences of a brand taking 
a political stance. In July 2020, the CEO of Goya, a large Latin 
food brand, publicly praised President Trump, triggering 
a boycott movement and a counter buycott movement 
supporting the brand. Using consumer-level purchase 
data, we measure the net effect of the boycott/buycott 
movements on brand sales. Boycott-related social media 
posts and media coverage dominated buycott ones, but the 
sales impact was the opposite: the buycott dominated the 
boycott, temporarily leading to a 22% increase in Goya sales. 
However, this sales boost fully dissipated within three weeks. 
We then explore heterogeneity in the sales response with the 
goal of understanding which households are most likely to 
engage in political consumerism. We find evidence of large 
sales increases (56.4%) in heavily Republican counties but 
do not find a strong countervailing boycott effect in heavily 
Democratic counties. Finally, we show that Latino consumers, 
who make up Goya’s core customer base and who tend to 
skew Democratic, did not significantly reduce their purchases.
3 - Consumption Responses to an Unpopular 
Policy: Evidence from a Short-lived Soda Tax
Andrew Ching, Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, MD
Public policies that intervene or restrict consumer choices for 
the benefit of society are often controversial. For instance, 
the compliance rate of COVID-19 pandemic social distancing 
rules varied dramatically across cities and states, and these 
policies even backfired among some consumers who strongly 
disagreed with them. Motivated by these controversies, we 
investigate whether such rebellion behavior happens in the 
context of a soda tax. More specifically, we hypothesize that 
tax opponents will decrease their consumption of soda by 
more compared to tax supporters, in order to avoid the tax 
burden. We combine detailed voting records with price and 
quantity data at over a thousand grocery retailers, and show 
that in response to the short-lived Washington State soda 
tax, stores frequented by tax opponents experience twice 
the reduction in quantity sold of taxed beverages compared 
to stores frequented by tax supporters, even though the 
tax pass-through is uniform across all stores. Our estimation 
results show that demand for soda at tax opponents’ stores 
shifts inwards and becomes less elastic, supporting the 
behavioral interpretation that consumer disagreement with 
this policy induces tax avoidance.
4 - Designing Inclusive Platforms
Michael Luca, Harvard Business School, Boston, MA
Abhay Aneja, Oren Reshef
Online platforms have come to play a central role in the 
economy, helping to facilitate a large share of economic 
activity. In this paper, we explore the impact of a feature on 
a large online platform that allows users to observe the race/
ethnicity of minority-owned businesses. In principle, revealing 
private user information, such as race, has the potential to 
either contribute to inclusivity or exacerbate discrimination 
on the platform. Empirically, we find that the addition of this 
feature substantially increased demand for minority-owned 
businesses on the platform. We provide suggestive evidence 
that the effects are larger in predominately white, higher 
income, and democratic-leaning areas; and that the increase 
in demand is driven mostly by non-minority users. Overall, 
our results highlight consumer preferences for supporting 
minority owned businesses, and suggest that platforms can in 
some cases increase demand for minority owned businesses 
by making the ethnicity of minority owners more salient.
FD11
Virtual Room 11
Marketing Strategy and Finance
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Kyeongbin Kim
Emory University, Atlanta, 
1 - Seller-initiated Consumer Financing and 
Consumer Sales-finance Conflicts
Chenchen Di, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, 
Champaign, IL
Yunchuan Liu
In this paper, we study the conflicts between sales divisions 
and consumer finance divisions in firms when firms not 
only sell their products, but also provide financing to 
consumers. We design a game-theoretical model to study 
the interdependence and the conflict between the sales 
division and the consumer finance division within a firm 
and how intrafirm sales-finance conflicts affect the interfirm 
competition on both pricing and consumer financing. While 
conventional wisdom suggests that a centralized structure 
without divisional conflicts would benefit the firm, we show 
that in a competitive market, a decentralized firm where 
the sales and consumer finance divisions make price and 
financing decisions separately can benefit from the conflicts 
between the sales and consumer finance divisions and gain 
more profits than a centralized firm without sales-finance 
conflicts. In addition, when competing firms can decide their 
organizational structure endogenously, in contrast to the 
monopoly market where firms always choose a centralized 
structure without conflicts, competing firms in a duopoly 
market, surprisingly, may choose a decentralized structure 
to strategically invoke the conflicts between the sales and 
consumer finance divisions.
2 - Retailer-direct Financing and Channel 
Structures
Yuyang Zhao, Nanjing University of Science and 
Technology, Nanjing, China
Luying Wang, Yunchuan Liu, Hui Yang
We study the effect of retailer-direct financing on channel 
structure choice when a retailer can provide sales promotion 
service. A capital-constrained supplier can receive financial 
support from a capital-abundant retailer for production 
and sell products through the retailer’s agency channel, 
reselling channel, or both channels. The retailer can decide 
the channel structures and provide corresponding sales 
promotion services to increase the demand with an effort. We 
design a game-theoretic model to explore the impact of the 
strategic interaction between retailer and supplier on channel 
structure choice by considering the retailer’s financial service 
and sales promotion service. Counter-intuitively, we find a 
reselling channel could be more efficient than a reselling-
agency dual-channel even the commission rate in the agency 
selling or the cost of the sales effort on providing promotion 
service is high. The retailer could prevent the supplier from 
free-riding the retailer’s effort by designing a contract with 
financial support, and therefore double-marginalization effect 
could be mitigated as well. Our study provides new insights 
into the channel structure choice with the interface between 
supply chain finance and marketing promotion.
3 - Variety Matters: How Consumption Variety 
Affects Debt and Repayment Behavior
Xiaodan Zhang, University of Science and Technology 
Beijing, Beijing, China
Maiju Guo
The fast development of digital technology allows companies 
to access new sources to understand consumers and map 
out an outcome. Prior research has investigated how the 
classification of consumer purchases influences borrowing 
preferences, for example, identifying the physical longevity 
of purchases or experiential purchases as the drivers of debt 
decisions. However, whether and how the pattern of purchase 
influences consumers’ debt and repayment behavior remains 
an open question. This paper explores the influence of one 
pattern of consumer purchase, i.e., variety-seeking, on their 
subsequent debt and repayment behavior. Using a novel 
purchase record dataset from a large e-commerce platform, 
we construct a measure of consumption variety through 
the text analysis method. We assemble the consumption 
dataset with another dataset from a third-party lending 
platform based on the identifiable user id. Our empirical 
analysis suggests that consumers’ consumption variety 
substantially influences loan amount and default rate in the 
future. Specifically, we find that when consumers are more 
willing to seek variety, they are more likely to borrow more, 
and less likely to default. Moreover, we find that gender, 
hedonic purchase, the repayment plan (day vs. month), and 
the number of loan history moderate the interrelationship 
between consumption variety and the future debt and 
repayment behavior. This paper contributes to the literature 
linking consumer consumption behaviors to financial decision-
making. Our findings shed important managerial insights on 
companies, which can utilize variety as an effective predictor 
of targeting and customer management.
4 - Deep Learning Methods for Customer-based 
Corporate Valuation: Evidence from 1000 
Companies Over 6 Years
Kyeongbin Kim, Goizueta Business School, Emory 
University, Atlanta, GA
Daniel McCarthy, Dokyun Lee
A canonical problem within the empirical CRM literature 
is to predict future customer purchase activity using 
historical behavioral data, with customer-based corporate 
valuation (CBCV) generalizing this problem across behaviors 
and customers to revenue at the overall company level. 
Common wisdom within these literature streams is that 
modern machine learning methods may outperform 
traditional parametric models at the individual-level over 
short forecasting horizons, but lack interpretability and 
underperform at the aggregate level, especially over longer 
horizons, making such methods unsuitable for these use 
cases. Using a novel credit card panel dataset for 1,000 
companies over a 6-year period, we show that common 
wisdom had indeed been true historically. However, through 
a one-of-a-kind meta-analysis, we show that a subset of 
time series deep learning methods, when optimized for 
CRM settings, robustly outperform extant models in CBCV 
settings assuming only internal data (for inside-out analyses) 
or external data (for outside-in analyses) are available, 
over short and long time horizons. We also show that the 
proposed method predicts company-disclosed revenue 
data better than Wall Street analysts, further establishing its 
value in CBCV settings.
FD12
Virtual Room 12
Networks and Word-of-Mouth
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Shyam Gopinath
Indiana University Kelley School of Business, 
Bloomington, IN
1 - How Do Brand Networks Break in Face 
of a Crisis?
Martina Pocchiari, Rotterdam School of Management, 
Erasmus University, Rotterdam, Netherlands
Pinar Yildirim, Abdullah Almaatouq
Customers rely on brand communities to interact with 
each other, to connect with the brands they love, to solve 
problems, and to personalize their consumption experiences. 
However, customers also resort to brand communities 
to coordinate a negative collective crisis response. An 
uncontrolled reaction of online brand communities to brand 
crises can deteriorate brands’ value and market performance, 
and push loyal and engaged consumers away from the brand 
networks. In this project, we assess the effect of brand crises 
on customer participation in online brand communities, 
and on ease and speed of information spread in the brand 
networks. We use data from 300 online brand communities, 
and exploit the quasi-experimental exposure of community 
members to over 7000 brand crisis episodes reported 
by news providers between 2010 and 2019. In a series of 
difference-in-difference analyses, we find that brand crises 
(i) increase the weekly participation of consumers in brand 
communities, (ii) affect the patterns of information-sharing 
in the brand networks, and (iii) have a differential impact on 
different consumer types. In particular, brand-loyal consumers 
effectively disengage from their brand communities following 
the crisis event - therefore, the average boost in consumer 
activity is attributable to brand strangers, who only activate 
after a crisis. We also show that the decrease in community 
engagement is mitigated among the brand-loyal consumers 
who had proportionally more experience, loyalty, or status 
within the brand community. Accordingly, we suggest 
that brand crises are a serious threat to the integrity of 
online brand communities, but that consumer loyalty and 
commitment can potentially preserve the functioning of brand 
networks online in case of serious reputation threats. The 
insights from this paper support businesses and organizations 
managing online communities in situations of external stress 
and unexpected reputational threats.
2 - Should Firms Reward Referring Customers 
Based on the Performance of Each 
Referred Customer?
Yupeng Chen, Assistant Professor of Marketing, Nanyang 
Technological University, Singapore
Bowen Lou
Referral programs have been widely adopted by firms for 
new customer acquisition. In most referral programs, the 
reward that a referring customer receives is only contingent 
on the acquisition of each of his referred customers. While 
such an acquisition-based referral reward provides current 
customers an incentive to make referrals, it may not be 
effective in generating referrals that acquire high-value new 
customers. To improve the outcomes of referral programs, 
we propose that firms can consider rewarding a referring 
customer based on the short-term performance of each of 
his referred customers, in addition to offering the standard 
acquisition-based referral reward. We empirically tested the 
effect of our proposed performance-based referral reward 
by conducting a large-scale randomized field experiment in 
collaboration with a Chinese online financial services firm. 
Analyzing data from the experiment, we find that offering a 
moderate performance-based referral reward increased the 
total value of new customers acquired through the referral 
program by more than 110%, and this effect is primarily driven 
by the acquisition of higher-value new customers instead 
of more new customers. We propose two mechanisms to 
explain how the performance-based referral reward helped 
the firm acquire higher-value new customers, including (1) 
by motivating current customers to screen their friends and 
refer good matches to the firm, and (2) by offering referred 
customers an additional incentive to invest. The data provide 
support for both mechanisms.
3 - Behind the Badge: The Influence of Badged 
Reviewer Status and Emotional-cognitive 
Writing Style on Opinion About Hedonic and 
Utilitarian Products
Shyam Gopinath, Indiana University Kelley School of 
Business, Bloomington, IN
Elham Yazdani, Steve Carson
In this research we examine the role of reviewer badges in the 
spread of opinion in online reviewer communities. Using data 
covering a two-year period of 458,305 reviews for products 
in both hedonic and utilitarian categories on Amazon.com, 
we find that prior ratings from badged reviewers have a 
smaller influence across all reviewers than ratings from non-
badged reviewers. When distinguishing between badged 
and non-badged new reviewers, we find that ratings from 
badged reviewers have an inverse effect on ratings awarded 
by subsequent non-badged reviewers whereas ratings from 
non-badged reviewers positively influence subsequent ratings 
from all reviewers. The stronger influence of non-badged 
reviewers is particularly pronounced for hedonic products, 
reflecting a better fit with the emotional style in which they 
are shown to write and the fact that they alter their writing 
style more when reviewing hedonic products than badged 
reviewers do. In contrast, ratings from badged reviewers have 
a positive effect only on the opinions of subsequent badged 
reviewers and this within-group contagion is especially 
strong for utilitarian products. Implications for the design 
of influencer strategies and the study of individual review 
generation processes are discussed.
FD13
Virtual Room 13
Social Media and UGC
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Ning Zhong
Penn State University, University Park, PA
1 - Peer Effects on Brand Activism: Evidence from 
Brand and User Chatter on Twitter
Mithila Guha, Drexel University, Philadelphia, PA
Daniel Korschun
The research examines a brand’s decision to engage in 
sociopolitical activism and how the recent activism of other 
brands influences such participation on social media. By 
analyzing five years of brands’ tweets on three sociopolitical 
issues (Black Lives Matter, LGBTQ rights, and COVID-19 
policies), we find evidence that brands are more likely to 
tweet on a topic the more other brands have tweeted 
on it recently. In addition, brands are equally attentive to 
the activism of peers outside their industry as they are 
to competitors inside their industry. To shed light on the 
interactions between brands in the non-market domain of 
activism, we connect three distinct areas of brand-focused 
literature: peer influence, social media interactions, and brand 
activism. While much of the literature on online interactions 
focus on either firm- or user-generated content, this paper 
examines both to capture a more dynamic interplay between 
brands social media users. We analyzed over 423,000 brand 
tweets (4,505 of which are on one of the three focal issues), 
55,121 user replies to the activist tweets, and 87,254 Twitter 
mentions of brands by consumers during the timeline. In 
addition, we propose a novel way to quantify the theoretical 
concept of increased stakeholder expectations on brands 
to address divisive issues by using Twitter mentions and 
hashtags. Furthermore, this research stands in contrast with 
the current brand activism literature, which frequently focuses 
on analyzing the impact of activism on a brand’s own market 
performance or influencing stakeholders’ behavior. Instead, 
our approach broadens the conversation and elucidates how 
brand activism may influence the decisions of its peers. We 
argue that while brands monitor and imitate peer brands’ 
market strategies in conflicting situations, such behavior may 
also be reflected in brands’ non-market strategies, such as 
taking a stand on a divisive issue. Overall, our findings provide 
evidence that brand managers monitor peer and consumer 
social media activities to weigh the risks of taking a stand and 
the risks of staying silent on an issue.
2 - Content Creation, Monetary Rewards, and 
Risk: How Creators Learn to be Creative
Wensi Zhang, University of Southern California, Los 
Angeles, CA
Sha Yang, Yanhao Wei
What motivates content creators to explore a new content 
genre as opposed to exploiting familiar contents? This paper 
examines the effects of monetary rewards and risk and posits 
that a lower level of monetary rewards with less volatility 
encourages exploration by reducing the opportunity costs of 
tapping into a new genre. Using a novel data source from a 
live streaming platform, we find that the decrease in platform-
level monetary reward and reward volatility during the 
COVID-19 lockdown indeed promotes creators’ willingness 
to explore. To gain more insights into the mechanism, we 
build and estimate a structural model where creators face 
uncertainty in their monetary reward from producing each 
content genre and update their belief through their past 
creation and consumption experience. As such, our model 
allows us to study how platform policies affect creators’ 
content choice and their tendency to explore new content.
3 - The Power of Linguistic Similarity in Q&A 
Communities
Hui Cai, Zhongnan University of Economics and Law, 
Wuhan, China
Yaxuan Ran
Q&A communities have become one of the most common 
approaches for people to get information and exchange 
ideas. Users pose questions, contribute answers, evaluate 
answers submitted by others and retrieve existing question-
answer pairs for immediate information need. A question 
may receive many good answers from other users, but not 
all of them can be accepted by the question-asker or voted 
up to be the best by other viewers. What factors contribute 
to the answers that are highly valued by fellow community 
participants? Except for inherent features of answers, features 
associated with interactivity between question-answer pairs, 
such as linguistic similarity, can be effective in predicting the 
votes of answers. Drawing on similarity theories, we classify 
three types of linguistic similarity: sentiment, discourse and 
attribute similarities. We investigate the divergent effects of 
linguistic similarity between question-answer pairs on the 
answer score using a dataset from the large Stack Exchange 
Q&A community. We first use text mining techniques to 
extract the sentiment, discourse and attribute similarity 
properties of 34457 question-answer pairs posted from 2012 
to 2021. Generalized linear model shows that a stronger 
trend of sentiment, discourse and attribute similarities 
leads to higher answer score; in other words, like-minded 
community members are more inclined to value text content 
of homophily. However, the strength of this effect is divergent 
across female and male answerers, such that for answers 
written by female users, sentiment similarity is stronger in 
predicting answer quality score, while attribute similarity plays 
a more important role for answers written by male users. 
The result provides evidence of gender bias in the Q&A 
community. We further show the causality of the result with an 
experiment by leveraging the question-answer pairs randomly 
selected from our text corpus. Given the importance and 
prevalence of knowledge sharing, our findings have important 
implications for online question answering communities to 
better manage user generated content.
4 - Measuring Impact of Social Media Influencers 
with Textual Content
Ning Zhong, Penn State University, University Park, PA
Xin Yan
In addition to engaging consumers with company-owned 
social media accounts, brands are collaborating with 
influencers and creators on social media to reach a wider 
audience, increase brand awareness, and boost traffic. 
Although the total spending of influencer marketing in 
the  is estimated to have reached 3.7 billion dollars in 2021, 
making decisions on which influencers to hire and how to 
use these influencers to promote brands on social media is 
still a challenge in practice. In this research, we propose a 
deep learning model to measure the impacts of social media 
influencers based on the textual content that they contribute 
and its popularity. Our results show that influencers have 
different impact on different fields of online opinions in 
regard to social media metrics. With this approach, marketers 
are able to quantify the impact of influencers in each field and 
optimize resource allocation in hiring influencers to promote 
brands in the related fields.
FD14
Virtual Room 14
Text, Digitization, and NLP II
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Michal Herzenstein
University of Delaware, Newark, DE
1 - Online Managerial Response Strategies 
Toward Customer Reviews: The Elaboration 
Likelihood Model, Emotion Contagion and 
Emotional Regulation Perspectives
Hsiu-Yu Hung, National Taiwan Normal University, 
Taipei, Taiwan
Previous research has focused on exploring whether and how 
managerial responses (MRs) influence subsequent customer 
reviews (CRs) but there is no theoretically comprehensive 
framework for the interdependent relationships between MRs 
and previous/later CRs, or the dynamic influences of MRs on 
future CRs. To address this issue, this research integrates the 
elaboration likelihood model (ELM) with emotional contagion 
and regulation theories to depict the bilateral communication 
between firms and previous/subsequent customers in online 
settings. The author proposes a central route and two 
peripheral routes to depict the persuasion effects between 
previous and subsequent consumers’ CRs. The central route 
describes how previous customers’ numeric rating scores 
influence later customers’ rating scores through the mediator 
of cognitive process. The peripheral routes describe how 
previous customers’ positive/negative emotions will influence 
later customers’ positive/negative emotions; these can be 
moderated by eight MR strategic tools designed to regulate 
positive and negative emotions. The author collects text from 
customers’ reviews and managers’ responses on TripAdvisor 
using text-mining techniques to transform unstructured 
text data into focal variables, and analyze their temporally 
interdependent effects using VAR modeling. The author then 
examines the specific mediating effects on one central and 
two peripheral routes, as well as the different moderating 
effects of MR strategies on the regulation of customers’ 
emotional contagions. The empirical results support the 
proposed research propositions and hypotheses. Empirical 
findings not only enrich the theoretical underpinnings for CR/
MR literature but also provide clearer understanding of the 
online bilateral communication mechanisms between firm 
and customers and managerial guidance for how customers’ 
emotional contagions might be regulated.
2 - Online Review Text Analysis Incorporating 
Valence and Vote: Extending the Topic Model 
to Include Performance Measures
Sotaro Katsumata, Osaka University, Toyonaka, 
Osaka, Japan
Pallassana K Kannan
In this study, we developed a model to classify and evaluate 
the topics of online reviews by including not only the text of 
the review but also the products’ valence (evaluation score), 
which is given from multiple perspectives by reviewers, 
and the votes of other viewers that the review was helpful. 
Regarding valence and vote, several studies have presented 
models to analyze valence and text simultaneously, but to 
make effective use of CGM data, it is necessary to consider 
the information of vote, which is the quality of the review 
itself, together. Therefore, in this study, we present a topic 
model including valence and vote mentioned above in the 
text analysis of consumer reviews and adapt it to long-term 
review data. Especially, we aim to develop a model that can 
be estimated as stably as possible using LDA (latent Dirichlet 
allocation) as the base model. Our model is based on the 
LDA, but a conjugate distribution is assumed for the review 
scores and the number of votes to obtain stable estimation 
results. The model is applied to an actual review database. As 
objects of analysis, this study focuses on two product series, 
the iPhone series manufactured by Apple Inc, and Dyson’s 
handheld vacuum cleaner series. In the application to the 
actual review database, we confirmed that topics can be 
interpreted by referring to valence and vote in the evaluation 
of topics after classification. In addition, we estimated and 
discussed the factors that determine the probability of 
affiliation for topics that attract many viewers.
3 - The Language of (non)Replicability
Michal Herzenstein, University of Delaware, Newark, DE
Sanjana Rosario, Shin Oblander, Oded Netzer
We explore whether the language used by scholars in 
academic publications is predictive of whether the main 
findings in the paper are replicable. We build on past 
research showing that written words carry information 
beyond their literal meaning in interpersonal and formal 
communications, and even when the text is written and 
edited by multiple people. We join the emerging movement 
towards Open Science that aims to increase the openness, 
integrity, and reproducibility of scholarly research. So far, 
replication attempts of hundreds of papers in psychology and 
economics demonstrate that less than half of the findings are 
replicable. We attempt to predict the replicability of nearly 
300 Open Science pre-registered replications by focusing 
on the language used in the replicated papers. Controlling 
for a large set of metadata variables from the papers being 
replicated, including authors’ information, academic domain, 
and study-specific information such as sample and effects 
sizes, we find that the text used to describe the experiment 
being replicated improves predictions of replicability by 
over 4% (AUC with textual data = 0.734 versus, AUC without 
textual data = 0.705). This result holds in multiple robustness 
tests. Turning to interpretability, we find that replicable 
studies are often easier to read and include more quantitative 
and function words, while non-replicable studies are written 
with more clout and include more positive emotion words. 
Overall, we find that consciously or unconsciously, knowingly 
or unknowingly, researchers’ language usage alludes to their 
research replicability likelihood.
Saturday, 9–10am
SA01
Virtual Room 01
Theoretical Advances in New Product 
Development and Innovation
Special Sessions
Chair: Onesun Steve Yoo
University College London, London, United Kingdom
Co-Chair: K Sudhir
Yale School of Management, New Haven, CT
1 - Consumer Guilt and Sustainable Choice: 
Environmental Impact of Durable Goods 
Innovation
K Sudhir, Yale School of Management, New Haven, CT
Ramesh Shankar, Yuan Jin
The paper develops a modeling framework to study how 
sustainability interventions impact consumer adoption of 
durable goods innovation, firm profit and environmental 
outcomes in equilibrium. Our two period model with forward 
looking consumers and a monopoly firm introducing an 
innovation in the second period accommodates three key 
features: (1) it builds on the psychology literature linking 
reactive and anticipatory guilt to consumers’ environmental 
sensitivity on initial purchase and upgrade decisions; (2) it 
disentangles environmental harm over the product life into 
that arising from product use and dumping at replacement; 
and (3) it clarifies how a taxonomy of innovations (function, 
fashion and use-efficiency) differ in how they provide value 
and cause environmental harm during use and dumping. 
Given how guilt impacts environmental sensitivity, the 
model allows for owners upgrading a product to be more 
environmentally sensitive than first time buyers; this makes 
dumping harm and in-use harm from products not fungible. 
We find that with fashion and function innovations, increasing 
consumer sensitivity to environmental harm can surprisingly 
result in increased environmental harm. Further, when 
consumers are very sensitive to environmental harm, firms 
will not inform (pre-announce to) consumers about the 
impending arrival of use-efficiency innovation; to minimize 
environmental harm, a sustainability advocate needs to 
inform consumers. Thus, contrary to conventional wisdom, 
consumer environmental sensitivity does not always substitute 
for the role of sustainability advocates. Our results clarify how 
to design win-win policies for firms and the environment; 
and when advocates have complementary/adversarial roles 
relative to firms to achieve sustainability goals.
2 - Regulating Environmental Impacts from 
Planned Obsolescence
Man Xie, Arizona State University, Tempe, AZ
Tianxin Zou
Many firms exercise planned obsolescence, deliberately 
reducing product durability to encourage new product 
purchases in the future, which generates unnecessary 
wastes and environmental damages. Policymakers have 
attempted to address the problem with several methods, 
including charging environmental taxes, investing in reducing 
product environmental footprints, educating consumers’ 
environmental awareness, etc. Our paper analyzes how 
the regulation influences the firm’s planned obsolescence 
decisions, the environmental damage, and the social welfare. 
We show that the regulations can sometimes unintendedly 
exacerbate the level of planned obsolescence, which can 
potentially harm the society.
3 - Product Development using Lean Startup 
Method: The Effect of Entrepreneur 
Incentives
Onesun Steve Yoo, University College London, London, 
United Kingdom
K Sudhir
The lean startup method (LSM) advocates an iterative 
and adaptive approach to product development based 
on launching a minimum viable product (MVP) to receive 
feedback about product-market fit and responsively pivoting 
its product goals. To achieve the intended learning, LSM 
suggests that an MVP be designed so that, when launched, 
the false positives (wrong product generating high sales) and 
false negatives (right product generating low sales) in the 
market response are minimized. But this does not reflect real 
world product development choices as it does not account for 
entrepreneurial incentives, i.e., how product choices impact 
the entrepreneur’s payoffs. Entrepreneurs not only care about 
their learning from product development outcomes, but also 
how it would impact the project’s potential funding and their 
share of eventual payoffs. Moreover, since entrepreneur’s 
observable talent impacts the payoff from a successful 
venture and their alternative earning options, product 
development choices vary across entrepreneurs. Employing 
a stylized model of LSM with entrepreneur’s incentives, we 
investigate the entrepreneur’s implementation of LSM and its 
broader implication to innovation. We find that entrepreneurs 
with low observable talent launch products that has higher 
false positive rates (hurts learning) relative to the standard 
LSM MVP. In contrast, those with high observable talent 
launch products with low false positive rates (hurts sales and 
therefore chance of funding) relative to the MVP. Only those 
with moderate levels of observable talent introduce the 
standard MVP that maximizes learning as intended by LSM. 
Despite their product distortion relative to the standard LSM 
MVP, entrepreneurs with high observable talent (and high 
outside option) are the least likely to fail after fundraising, 
and thus investors obtain the highest ROI, though they launch 
fewer innovations overall. However, those with moderate 
levels of talent provide the best balance between volume of 
innovation and overall ROI.
SA04
Virtual Room 04
Retail and Omnichannel
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Yutian Liu
University of Wisconsin-Madison
1 - Empirical Dynamic Modelling for Exploring 
Complex Time Series
Florian Dost, Brandenburg University of Technology, 
Cottbus, German 
Erik Maier, Tammo Bijmolt
Many research problems are characterized by complex 
relationships between time series variables, such as 
simultaneity (e.g., feedback loops between communication 
channels) and state-dependence (e.g., marketing 
interactions with observed and unobserved sales channel 
variables). We introduce empirical dynamic models (EDM) 
to management science and marketing research. EDM is a 
nonlinear methodology that helps researchers to investigate 
simultaneous (i.e., bidirectional and same-period) and state-
dependent (i.e., nonlinear and interacting) relationships 
with aggregate time series data. The authors demonstrate 
EDM capabilities and boundaries within the challenging 
omnichannel case. To study omnichannel systems, researchers 
often must rely on aggregate data: Despite more individual 
tracking, the data is often not available for offline channels 
or comprehensively integrated across channels. A simulation 
study, that derives aggregate time series from an individual 
data generation mechanism, explores conditions and 
boundaries under which EDM is suitable for identifying 
relationships between variables (i.e. in the Granger sense), 
predicting variable evolution (i.e. in the Machine Learning 
sense), and attributing marginal effects from one variable 
on another (i.e. in the Neyman-Rubin sense). We benchmark 
EDM against vector autoregression, regression, and machine 
learning models and provide application criteria for EDM. 
Next, we confirm the capabilities of EDM in an empirical 
investigation of interrelated brick-and-mortar, online, and 
mobile channels from a large European fashion retailer, 
finding evidence for mostly synergetic but strongly state-
dependent relationships among the channels.
2 - Adoption of Mobile Self-checkout in a 
Retail Store
Aashish Pandey, University of Arkansas, Fayetteville, AR
Dinesh K Gauri, Yu Ma, Rupinder Jindal
Retailers are incorporating different technologies in their 
stores to make the shopping experience enjoyable and 
reduce friction. One such technology - mobile checkout is 
increasingly becoming popular among retailers. In mobile 
checkout, consumers scan items while they shop from their 
phone using the retailer’s app and check out quickly without 
unloading-loading their cart. We study different shopping 
characteristics and user characteristics to explain the trial 
and repeat usage of mobile checkout using store transaction 
data from a major US retailer. We found that transaction 
characteristics such as total spending, item price, basket share 
of groceries, electronics, and consumer characteristics such 
as prior usage of self-checkout, time pressure, tenure, and 
trial frequency are significant predictors of trial and repeat 
mobile checkout usage. We further identify three natural 
groups of customers who try and adopt mobile checkout 
differently. Our findings have profound implications for how 
retailers can enhance the customer shopping experience 
through optimal allocation of resources to serve different 
segments of customers.
3 - Leaving Money on their Smartphones: 
Comparing uses of Promotional Codes 
Between Mobile and PC Shoppers
Rebecca Jen-Hui Wang, Lehigh University, Bethlehem, PA
, Mathew Isaac
Are customers more or less likely to use promotional 
coupon codes when they shop with their smartphones? 
In an e-commerce setting, a retailer can offer customers 
discounts that require them to input a promotional coupon 
code upon checking out and transacting the order, e.g., 
enter 5OffHolidays for $5 off. In this multi-method paper, we 
examine whether customers use coupon codes when they 
shop online using smartphones compared to when they use 
devices with larger screens, such as PCs. We first empirically 
perform a series of analyses using causal inference, machine 
learning, and econometric models with a large proprietary 
dataset from an Internet-based grocery retailer. We find 
that customers are more likely to use coupon codes when 
they shop using PCs as opposed to smartphones. We 
replicate the findings in a more controlled setting with two 
experiments, and we posit that customers are less likely to 
enter promotional codes while shopping on smartphones 
because perceived search effort is higher when operating on 
a small screen. Combining primary and secondary research, 
we make contributions in both retail and mobile marketing 
literature. Conceptually, we propose that search effort and 
perceived cognitive load play an essential role in uses of 
online coupons. Managerially, we recommend that an online 
retailer should tailor different types of promotional offerings 
depending on its customers’ channel preference.
4 - Are Pop-up Stores Popping up to Attract 
Traffic and Sales: An Empirical Examination 
of the Causal Impact at Both Mall and 
Store Levels
Yutian (Carol) Liu, University of Wisconsin-Madison, 
Madison, WI
Cheng He, Qing Liu
As the young generation shifts their consumption habits 
towards online shopping while traditional brick-and-mortars 
are losing their competitive powers in attracting traffic, 
pop-up stores, as a new modality of retailing, are becoming 
more appealing to mall owners and landlords of commercial 
districts. These temporary, strategically planned physical retail 
spaces serve as an important mix of omnichannel marketing 
strategy and have shown their success with delivering 
personalized brand experiences, expanding current markets, 
and building up connections in marketing practices. This 
paper empirically examines the causal impact of pop-up 
stores on the traffic and sales at mall and store levels by 
leveraging a unique data set from 100 shopping malls in 
China. The temporal and spatial substitutional effects, as 
well as heterogeneous effects regarding types, timing, and 
locations of pop-up stores, are also discussed.
SA05
Virtual Room 05
Internet E-Commerce
Contributed Sessions
Chair: R Venkatesh
University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA
1 - Fewer Clicks, More Purchases
Murat Unal, Cornell University, Ithaca, NY
Young-Hoon Park
E-commerce retailers are increasingly faced with the 
challenges of finding ways to provide a seamless shopping 
experience to customers. The checkout process and its 
related touchpoints are especially critical in shaping customer 
experience. We study the impact of adopting one-click 
buying, a feature that reduces the number of steps required 
to place a purchase order to a single click, on subsequent 
customer behavior. Using quasi-experimental data over a 
period of 35 months from an online retailer before and after 
the launch of one-click buying, we find one-click buying is 
effective in lifting customer purchases and does so by making 
treated customers purchase more often with more items per 
order. The impact of one-click buying on customer purchases 
post adoption is economically significant, persistent over 
time, and heterogeneous across customers. Analyzing 
clickstream data of customer activity online and purchases 
across product categories, we provide evidence that the 
increase in purchases is driven by richer engagement through 
both more visits to the website and more page views upon 
visit as well as the expansion of purchases across categories. 
We discuss the implications of our findings for customer 
experience and targeting.
2 - How Valuable is the First Visit to a Merchant 
in an E-Marketplace
Xueli Zhang, National University of Singapore, Singapore
Sadat Reza
This paper examines the connection between the first 
visit to a merchant and buying from that merchant in an 
e-marketplace. Specifically, the empirical study focuses on 
estimating the value of the first visit to a merchant in such 
e-marketplaces using a clickstream dataset from an online 
cashback platform. It is motivated by the observation that 
the probability of purchasing from a merchant is higher if 
consumers first visit the merchant when they logged in to 
the e-marketplace than they first visit other merchants, which 
indicates self-selection by the visitors. Thus, the challenge 
is how to identify the treatment effect of the first visit to a 
merchant from observational data, given that consumers 
self-select their visit choices. To mitigate the extent of 
self-selection, we examine the behaviors of the users who 
browsed other merchants’ platforms following their visits to 
the first choice merchants. This way we exclude, to a large 
extent, those users who pre-determined their merchant 
choices for purchases. Then, we apply the monotone 
treatment response and monotone treatment selection 
arguments to identify the treatment effect bounds of first visit 
to a merchant for both purchase probabilities and purchase 
values. Finally, we obtain point estimates of these treatment 
effects under the unconfoundedness assumption using two 
methods: generalized random forest and propensity score 
matching. In general, we find the two sets of point estimates 
to be consistent with each other with being within the partial 
identification bounds, barring a few exceptions. Following 
this, we investigate the relationship of merchants’ market 
share and cashback rate with the first visit effects. We find that 
the first visit effect is more pronounced for larger platforms 
that generate more traffic to the e-marketplace. This research 
provides rich managerial implications for both merchants and 
the platform in terms of estimating optimal investments in 
customer acquisition activities in an e-marketplace.
3 - Product Return Increase Sales on E-commerce 
Sites? -- An Analysis using Matrix 
Factorization Approach
Sohum Mehrotra, Marketing PhD Student, Indiana 
University at Bloomington, Bloomington, IN
Shibo Li, Baohong Sun
E-commerce sites make brand selection, pricing, promotion, 
and return policy decisions across many cross- category/
brand items. Lenient return policies and promotions jointly 
increase purchase, but the 20-30% return rate is problematic. 
Therefore, such platforms must consider the positive effects of 
product return on 1) increasing net sales and 2) encouraging 
customer exploration of new product categories/brands. 
Most extant research solely focuses on the return policy of a 
single product category/brand, which leaves many questions 
unanswered in the context of e-commerce: 1) what is the 
interplay of consumer purchase and return decisions and do 
these decisions spill over to other category/brands? 2) do 
the promotion methods differentially affect purchase and 
return decision? 3) how does each promotion method impact 
immediate sales, return, and across category/brand expansion 
- all of which subsequently impact net sales? 4) can return 
policy and promotion design be improved to leverage the 
effects of product return? In this paper, we propose a nested 
hierarchical factorization model to jointly model consumers’ 
brand purchase and return decisions across many product 
categories/brands. We adopt the recently developed matrix 
factorization approach with variational Bayes and stochastic 
gradient descent. Compared to standard choice models, this 
ML approach allows us to derive statistical inference, consider 
a large brand choice set with stock-out consideration, and 
permit price and promotion coefficients to vary and correlate 
across brands. The model was applied to across- category/
brand consumer purchase history data that was collected by 
a flash sale e-commerce website. The results demonstrate the 
dynamics as well as the interplay between the two decisions. 
We show the spillover effect of price and promotion on 
purchase and return across category/brands. By comparing 
four different promotion types on purchase and return, we 
provide important actionable implications for marketing 
practitioners on the improvement of their promotional 
strategies to improve net sales.
4 - Modeling the Composition of Online 
Assortments and its Impact on the Consumer 
Decision Journey: An Empirical Study of an 
OTA Website
R Venkatesh, Professor of Business Administration, 
University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA
K Pallavi Jha, Rabikar Chatterjee
Online retailers, or e-tailers, have the ability to present 
distinct online assortments in response to consumers’ 
specific search queries. In this study, we empirically examine 
the influence of two types of assortments—an available set 
provided by the e-tailer and a subsequent consideration 
set formed by the consumer— on consideration set 
formation and choice. We conceptualize two assortment 
characteristics: (a) Assortment heterogeneity or the diversity 
of the e-tailer’s presented offerings on vertical attributes, 
such as ratings that connote a quality differential among 
alternatives, and horizontal attributes, such as the appearance 
of offerings that appeal to differences in consumer tastes; 
and (b) Assortment organization or the nature of ordering or 
sequencing of offerings within an assortment. Drawing on 
economic and behavioral theories of differentiation, variety, 
and consideration, we propose and empirically test a set 
of propositions linking the above-noted independent and 
dependent variables. Our two-stage econometric model is 
estimated on a large secondary dataset from a leading online 
travel agency (OTA) for hotel search and choice in a popular 
European capital. While the initial consideration stage relies 
on a multinomial logit model, the later purchase stage draws 
on rare events modeling methods to account for the low 
conversion rate from consideration to purchase. The empirical 
results of the study as well as their theoretical and managerial 
implications are discussed.
SA06
Virtual Room 06
Machine Learning Applications I
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Amrita Dey
University of Utah, 
1 - Algorithmic Lending, Competition, and 
Strategic Information Disclosure
Qiaochu Wang, Tepper School of Business, Carnegie 
Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA
Yan Huang, Param Vir Singh
Machine learning (ML) algorithms used by financial lenders 
in their screening processes are hidden from the consumers 
who are affected by their decisions leading many consumers 
to make sub-optimal decisions when seeking credit. Despite 
increasing calls for greater transparency, only a few lenders 
provide personalized approval odds to consumers (e.g. via 
financial intermediaries like Credit Karma or pre-approval 
tools). We investigate how competition among algorithmic 
lenders affects their decisions to provide approval odds to 
consumers. We show that competitive pressures between 
lenders can undermine the disclosure incentives. Lenders use 
asymmetric disclosure of approval odds strategically to soften 
the competition when their algorithms are fairly accurate. 
The asymmetric disclosure of approval odds endogenously 
creates product differentiation and allows lenders to focus on 
different segments of consumers softening the competition 
on the interest rates. We find that consumer surplus is highest 
when both lenders provide approval odds and lowest when 
neither provides approval odds. However, our analysis also 
shows that any policy that mandates all lenders to provide 
personalized approval odds to consumers may not necessarily 
improve consumer surplus.
2 - Discovering Product Gaps in the Market
Alex Burnap, Yale University, New Haven, CT
, John R Hauser
Successful firms develop products that meet consumer 
demand, are feasible to produce, and sell at a premium over 
costs. Marketing science has a long history of identifying 
product gaps, usually in perceptual space, that lead to the 
greatest revenue (and sometimes profit). We build on this 
history using extensive data available in the automotive 
industry, in which we combine optimization methods with 
a deep learning model to search a high-dimensional space 
to generate new product concepts that balance demand 
(more is better), engineering feasibility (must be able to 
be built), and costs. The demand and engineering models 
use dual Wasserstein autoencoders to compress high-
dimensional data on consumers and products to represent 
both heterogeneous consumer demand and realistic design 
feasibility. A search algorithm is used to discover product 
gaps and, in doing so, generates feasible and profitable new 
product concepts. We test our approach with empirical data 
from the US automotive market. The data are based on over 
one million revealed purchases. Consumers are represented 
by 900 attributes and feasible automotive designs are 
represented by 1200 attributes. Preliminary results suggest 
that it is possible to identify product gaps enabling firms to 
search for profitable new products. 
3 - Role of Concreteness in Multimodal 
Communication
Amrita Dey, University of Utah, Salt Lake City, UT
Tianyu Gu, Yu Zhu, Stephen Carson
There is an increasingly higher dependence on a combination 
of multiple forms of media (textual, visual, and meta 
information), among marketers, to promote their products 
and services. So far, there has been significant academic 
interest in the concreteness of textual elements and 
their role in communication. However, there is very little 
understanding of how visual concreteness and its metrics 
play a role, despite visual communication being a critical 
component in communication. Also, the perspective to 
include a comprehensive and integral account of measuring 
concreteness is missing from the literature.
In this study, we address these issues and study the role 
of image concreteness and text-image information fit in 
the context of online crowdfunding. We employ novel 
methodologies for a long-tailed object detection approach 
based on MASK RCNN and LVIS along with a combination 
of object detection, word embedding and high-dimensional 
text comparison techniques to assess the fit between text 
and image.Our findings show that concreteness benefits 
crowdfunding success at both text and image levels, 
although the concreteness of the project title has a negative 
effect. Also, we find that a high fit between text and image 
information improves the performance of crowdfunding 
projects. An additional survey among respondents from the 
Prolific platform further validates our findings.
SA07
Virtual Room 07
Digital Marketing I
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Christina Giakoumaki
DEREE-The American College of Greece
1 - Blessing or Curse: The Role of Traditional 
Advertising on Promoting Internet-based 
Donation Campaigns
Yashar Dehdashti, Texas Wesleyan University, 
Fort Worth, TX
Aidin Namin
Current methods of creating awareness about online 
crowdfunded donation campaigns are mostly limited to 
online tools (e.g., sharing, tweeting, and so on). The news 
media have recently begun to share the news about some of 
these campaigns that have been deemed newsworthy (e.g., 
the Orlando shooting, Flint water crisis, etc.). Since the aim 
of this research is to measure the effect of an intervention 
(treatment) using secondary data, one might argue that 
other factors besides the treatment produce the results; a 
problem which is easily addresses in experimental settings 
through randomization. Propensity-score matching (PSM) is 
used to address this issue. Given a number of observable 
characteristics of the donation campaigns, propensity scores 
are estimated and closest observations are matched and 
compared (nearest neighbor method). Consistent with the 
literature on news media coverage, this study finds that 
campaigns that are shared on both the social media and 
news media do significantly better than those that are merely 
shared on the social media. This particular context (online 
donation campaigns) has never been studied. This analysis 
has important implications for raising awareness about 
online donation campaigns.
2 - Tidy your Room! The Impact of Product 
Evaluation Context on Augmented Reality’s 
Effectiveness in E-commerce
Alexander Pfaff, LMU Munich School of Management, 
Munich, Germany
Martin Spann
Augmented Reality (AR) enables consumers to project 
product holograms into their surrounding real-world context 
in real time using their mobile devices. While AR may improve 
consumers’ product evaluation, AR-deploying retailers give 
up control over the context their products are evaluated 
in. Hence, their products might end up being evaluated 
in unfavorable contexts. Consumers’ real-world contexts 
oftentimes deviate from stylized product presentation 
contexts which can be found in retailers’ catalogs or online 
shops, for example. Negative spillover effects from context 
onto perceptions of evaluated products may lead consumers 
to refrain from purchase. In an online experiment with 400 
participants, we find that contextual untidiness negatively 
affects consumers’ product quality perception and purchase 
intent. Contextual brightness mitigates this effect. We 
derive theoretical and practical implications and give ideas 
for future research.
3 - Do Not Invade my Personal Space! Strength 
of Ties in Social Media and Paid Ad 
Intrusiveness
Elham Yazdani, University of Georgia, Athens, GA
Anindita Chakravarty, Sakshi Babar
With the surge of paid ads on social media such as Facebook, 
the perception of customers towards this kind of advertising 
is often more negative than positive. For instance, while 
exposure to customized ads can increase the efficiency of 
customer purchase, many users report that they find paid ads 
to be intrusive and even creepy. Such perceptions most likely 
dampen the effectiveness of paid search advertising. In this 
research, we apply the strength of ties theory to understand if 
a user’s perceptions of ad intrusiveness and creepiness might 
depend on the user’s strength of ties with ‘friends’ whose 
posts are visible before the ad. We propose that stronger the 
tie, the higher the perceived ad intrusiveness and creepiness. 
Strong interpersonal ties with friends involve more intimacy 
and higher emotional involvement with the content posted 
by those friends, while users might be non-involved with 
information posted by weak friendship ties. As a result, an 
ad that appears after a flow of posts from stronger ties might 
invade the user’s personal space and be considered intrusive 
or creepy to a greater extent than if it appears after posts 
from weaker ties. To have a deeper understanding of the 
underlying mechanisms, we also look at different moderators 
on the impact of friends’ strength of ties on perceived ad 
intrusiveness and creepiness. For example, the strength of 
user’s relationship with the advertised brand or the type 
of product or service being advertised or the relevance of 
the ad to the user’s needs can impact the intrusiveness and 
creepiness perceptions. We follow a multi-step methodology. 
First, we collect primary data about the activity of real users 
on Facebook for 15 weeks. We obtain perceptions of posts, 
ads, and tie strength of friends during users’ real time 
Facebook activity. With this data, we are able to understand if 
empirical patterns exist between strength of ‘friends’ tie and 
ad perceptions after controlling for both the emotional and 
cognitive elements of the ad and its popularity. We follow up 
with lab based and MTurk experiments to understand causal 
effects and test moderators.
4 - Digital Engagement with Luxury Brands on 
Social Media: An Experimental Study
Christina Giakoumaki, DEREE-The American College of 
Greece, Athens, Greece
Areti Krepapa
The purpose of this research is to determine drivers of digital 
engagement with luxury brands on social media. Engagement 
is a key metric for social media marketing and has attracted 
considerable attention in the literature and more so in the 
research area of luxury brand digital marketing. In particular, 
recent research on digital engagement suggests that 
individuals with greater tendency to incorporate brands into 
their self-concept are more likely to engage with luxury brand 
social media posts. This study is based but also considerably 
extends the relevant literature by modelling the relationships 
among Brand Engagement in Self Concept (BESC) and Digital 
Engagement (DE) with luxury brand social media posts. More 
specifically, we develop and test a model in which the Self-
Brand Connection (SBC), i.e. the extent to which consumers 
integrate a specific brand into their self-concept, mediates 
the relationship between BESC and DE and that this indirect 
effect is further moderated by the type of source posting the 
social media content. Our model is tested in empirical data 
from a between-subjects experimental design. The results 
reveal how SBC fully mediates the relationship between 
BESC and DE and demonstrate that social media post source 
moderates not only the direct effect between SBC and DE 
but also the indirect effect of BESC on DE through SBC. Our 
findings yield original and actionable insights for luxury brand 
social media marketing. It is demonstrated that SBC is a key 
factor in building digital engagement and that social media 
users engage more with posts from marketer-controlled 
sources (brand, influencer) than with posts made by individual 
users. The findings have specific practical implications for the 
design and implementation of social media campaigns by 
luxury brand marketers.
SA08
Virtual Room 08
Text and Image Analytics
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Yao Yao
San Diego State University, San Diego, CA
1 - Expression of Emotions in Ads Over Time
Stefan Kluge, University of Mannheim, 
Mannheim, Germany
Leonie Gehrmann, Florian Stahl
Although advertising is generally meant to inform consumers 
of a given product or service, marketers often also resort 
to emotions to appeal to consumers and raise awareness 
for their offering. Substantial research efforts have been 
interested in emotional advertising and its impact on 
consumer attitude formation. Ideally, the ad evokes the 
desired emotional response from consumers, although real-
world examples have initiated adverse feedback.
While existing research focuses on the emotions elicited 
in consumers, we investigate how advertisers have 
expressed emotions in their print advertisements over 
the past century. Our sample consists of all issues of “The 
Economist” in the time period 1900 - 2014. We analyze both 
textual and visual cues provided in the ads, as well as the 
articles of the magazine to understand how the display of 
emotions has developed over time. Thereby, we consider 
how the emotion portrayed in ads and articles compares 
and whether it changes due to historical events. From a 
managerial perspective, our study predicts to what extent 
the emotions of ads and articles are synchronized with the 
general societal sentiment.
2 - Assessing Brand Personality on Social Media: 
Application of Natural Language Processing 
and Machine Learning
Jihyeon Ha, Emory University, Atlanta, GA
David A Schweidel, Inyoung Chae, Kunpeng Zhang
Brand personality, the set of human characteristics 
associated with a brand, is communicated through marketing 
communications and plays a crucial role in consumer 
behavior by serving as self-expressive or symbolic function 
in their consumption of brands (Aaker 1997, Fournier 1998). 
As the explosive growth of social media has changed 
practices of firm-initiated marketing communications, firms 
have increasingly expanded their branding efforts to social 
media platforms. This shift has provided the opportunity to 
understand how firms foster brand personality through firm-
generated content on social media. In this study, we capture 
brand personality communicated through firm-generated 
texts in social media at the post level, based on Aaker’s five 
personality dimensions (Aaker 1997). We leverage cutting-
edge transformer-based language models into our semi-
supervised learning framework where pre-trained models and 
human annotations are combined to improve the prediction 
power. We validate and demonstrate the superiority of our 
implemented model by comparing to several representative 
baselines. The resulting model enables us to predict how 
each text posted by brands would be perceived in terms of 
the five personality dimensions on a large scale. Leveraging a 
novel dataset of posts from 144 U.S brands across three social 
media platforms (Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube) in 2017 
- 2019, we examine how brands position themselves in the 
personality dimensions with social media and how they evolve 
over time. We posit that such evolution of brands personality 
is affected by social media users’ reactions (e.g., likes and 
comments) as well as their competitive environment. Thus, in 
this paper, we offer a holistic insight of brands’ dynamic social 
media strategies based on brand personality, interacted with 
their external environment.
3 - Analyzing users’ Posting Behavior on a Q & A 
Website using LDA and BTYD Model
Shohei Hasegawa, Hosei University, Tokyo, Japan
In the case of contractual services, customer withdrawals can 
be observed when the customer terminates the contract, 
whereas in the case of non-contractual services, those cannot 
be observed directly. For example, in a subscription service, 
which is a contractual service, the firm can observe a customer 
withdrawal if the customer stops to pay a monthly fee. 
However, in an e-commerce site, which is a non-contractual 
service, the firm cannot observe a customer withdrawal if the 
customer stops using the service or switches to competitors. 
BTYD (Buy Till You Die) model is a statistics model to analyze 
these non-contractual settings and estimate customer’s 
withdrawal status and CLV (Customer Lifetime Value). In this 
paper, the author analyzes data from a Q&A website for 
mothers to solve questions about everything from pregnancy 
to childcare. This service is non-contractual-based and 
users’ posting dates and texts can be observed, but users’ 
withdrawal cannot be observed. The purposes of this research 
are to (1) model users’ posting behavior and withdrawal by 
BTYD model, (2) predict the number of future posts, i.e., the 
amount of content generated by users, (3) extract the users’ 
interests from their posted texts by LDA (Latent Dirichlet 
Allocation) , and (4) analyze the relationship between the 
users’ interests and the users’ posting behavior, withdrawal 
and the number of future posts. The analysis results show that 
users who are interested in pregnancy post more questions 
but withdraw from the service earlier than others, implying 
that these users stop using the service after the birth of the 
baby. In order to retain these users, it would be effective to 
provide incentive to encourage them to continue using the 
service after giving birth.
4 - Frugality Versus Thrifty: The Gender 
Difference in Saving Behavior
Alex Yao, San Diego State University, San Diego, CA
Ying Bao, Maria Rodas, Chen Gong
This research focuses on how gender shapes people’s saving 
behaviors - namely, frugality or thriftiness - by leveraging 
a unique dataset from a major social media platform. By 
analyzing people’s posts on social media using machine 
learning algorithms to classify different behaviors, our results 
suggest that males tend to be more frugal, as they are 
more anti-consumption focused and their saving behaviors 
are often related to DIY, homemade, and meal prep; while 
females tend to be thriftier, as they are more pro-consumption 
focused and save through collecting coupons, sales, and 
discount information. Moreover, in terms of the topics or 
items people cuttings budget on, we also see a clear gender 
difference by using textual analysis. In particular, we find 
the males tend to focus more on necessary products, such 
as food; while females tend to focus more on discretionary 
products, such as personal care. We supplement our analysis 
with an experiment to show the generalization across different 
cultures and explore the underlying mechanism of the 
study. Our findings highlight how sellers can use marketing 
communications to increase the salience of the product 
features such as long lifetime or deep discount.
SA09
Virtual Room 09
Ad Content and Market Outcomes I
Special Sessions
Chair: Joonhyuk Yang
University of Notre Dame, Notre Dame, IN
Co-Chair: Hortense Fong
Yale School of Management, New Haven, CT
1 - Understanding the Role of Advertising in 
Driving Store Traffic: The Case of Home 
Improvement Stores
Bowen Luo, Northeastern University, Boston, MA
Bhoomija Ranjan
We investigate the role of advertising in driving store traffic 
using a mobile location panel with store visits of six million 
individuals. We explore how own and rival advertising 
effects vary with customer-to-store distances, ad content, 
and customer expertise. Customers make significantly more 
visits to stores that are closer than competitor stores. We 
find a positive own advertising effect that is diminishing 
in the customer-to-store distance, suggesting travel costs 
attenuate ad effect. Rival ads, on the other hand, might steal 
traffic or generate a positive spillover, depending on the 
customer distance to the own store and the rival store. We 
also find promotional ads more effective in driving own store 
traffic than non-promotional ads, but rival promotional ads 
are more harmful than rival non-promotional ads. While the 
absolute advertising effects vary with customer expertise, the 
percentage effects do not, suggesting retailer advertising 
is not working by conveying information about product 
quality. Our findings imply retailer advertising works through 
communicating promotions and reminding consumers and 
raising their attention to the retail brand and the category.
2 - TV Advertising and Media Multitasking
Zachary Nolan, University of Delaware, Wilmington, DE
Matthew McGranaghan
We analyze media multitasking---simultaneous engagement 
with multiple media sources---by combining TV set-top 
box data with novel internet usage data. The internet 
usage data contain the exact timing and device used to 
visit specific content providers and websites, giving us a 
comprehensive record of household media viewing habits. 
Incorporating TV ad schedules, we document a significant 
increase in internet activity following the start of TV ad 
breaks, with heterogeneity in the effect across households. 
We document the degree of multitasking as a function of ad 
content, programming content, device type, time of day, and 
household demographics. The variation in second screen 
usage is consistent with documented ad-avoidance and 
information-seeking behaviors.
3 - Voice Analytics of Online Influencers — Soft 
Selling in Branded Videos
Serim Hwang, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA
Xiao Liu, Kannan Srinivasan
Influencers have been growing rapidly on social media and 
the influencer marketing industry is now worth $15 billion. As 
more consumers rely on influencers’ recommendations for 
shopping, the trustworthiness of influencers becomes a key 
question. Specifically, consumers increasingly question the 
credibility of influencers while watching sponsored videos. 
To help consumers make informed shopping decisions, the 
Federal Trade Commission (FTC)’s endorsement guidelines 
require influencers to disclose sponsorship. However, little is 
known about how influencers react to the FTC’s endorsement 
guidelines. This paper studies how influencers change their 
vocal delivery upon sponsorship and how their vocal changes 
affect consumer sentiment. For identification, we employ 
three causal identification strategies (IV, FRD, and TWFE). For 
feature representation, we leverage computer vision deep 
learning methods such as Generative Adversarial Network 
(GAN) and a leading object detection model (Mask R-CNN). 
As a result, we find that influencers choose a soft selling 
strategy and significantly tone down their voice loudness 
in sponsored videos. This voice modulation strategy can 
help influencers win back favorable consumer sentiment. 
Influencers who are not-yet-famous but rapidly accumulating 
their Instagram followers are likely to use the voice loudness 
modulation strategy. Our research provides implications for 
the government (FTC), firms, influencers, and consumers.
4 - Leveraging Musical Attributes in Brand Videos 
to Drive user Engagement on Social Media
Vamsi K. Kanuri, University of Notre Dame, 
Notre Dame, IN
The widespread use of social media videos to increase a 
brand’s reach through virality has drawn scholarly attention to 
the visual components of videos, but research on their audio 
features remains scant. In this paper, we explore whether 
tempo variation - a key audio feature that captures the break 
in the pace of sounds when beat occurrences speed up or 
slow down - can influence the virality of brand videos. Using 
state-of-the-art feature extraction techniques to mine second-
by-second frames of audio features from unstructured data 
involving 5,430,960 seconds from 69,374 videos posted by 
548 brands on their dedicated Facebook pages over a 6-year 
period, we find a strong negative association between tempo 
variation in brand videos and the number of times videos are 
shared on the social media platform. Heterogeneity in this 
association provides suggestive evidence that this link is due 
to auditory distraction, whereby tempo changes trigger an 
orienting response in consumers towards understanding the 
new sound progression, which can interfere with information 
processing and reduce virality. We further confirm this process 
by leveraging an exogenous change to Facebook’s video 
sound policy. Our results are robust to a range of econometric 
models, matching specifications and sensitivity analyses, 
and have implications for engineering video virality and 
applications in multimedia content design.
SA10
Virtual Room 10
Healthcare Marketing
Special Sessions
Chair: Jian Ni
Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, MD
Co-Chair: Jiang Qian
University of Houston, Houston, TX
1 - Principal, Agent, and Information in 
Healthcare Product Choice: The Case of 
U.S. Renal Disease Patients’ Choice of 
Dialysis Center
TI Tongil Kim, University of Texas at Dallas, Richardson, TX
Reza Roshangarzadeh, Shervin Tehrani
Dialysis is a critical means to extend the lifespan of more than 
400,000 End Stage Renal Disease (ESRD) patients in the U.S., 
whose treatment accounts for approximately 20% of the U.S. 
Medicare program. As a result, quality-of-care improvement 
in this domain implies not only saving more lives, but 
also reducing substantial healthcare costs. For first-time 
dialysis patients, their choice of dialysis center is of utmost 
importance as it can significantly affect their overall well-
being during treatment for ESRD. This decision process, as is 
often the case for uncommon, complex healthcare products, 
is usually an outcome of shared-decision making between 
the patient and physician. This study analyzes such decision 
making under uncertainty in the principal-agent problem, 
where the agent (i.e., physician) makes recommendations 
about treatment options for the principal (i.e., patient). 
Using 2013-2015 data on U.S. ESRD patients and their 
referring physicians who recommend a set of dialysis centers 
for new patients, we aim to structurally model patients’ 
dialysis center selection process. Our model accounts for 
multiple sources of uncertainty in the environment, such as 
physicians’ uncertainty about the characteristics of dialysis 
centers and the match values of specific centers to their 
heterogeneous patients, as well as the patients’ uncertainty 
about the value of each recommended center to their 
needs. Given our structural framework, we can empirically 
recover the agents’ recommendation to principals, which 
allows us to explore ways to improve quality-of-care through 
counterfactual analyses.
2 - Can Emergency Care Advertising 
Benefit Patients?
Tae Jung Yoon, KAIST College of Business, Seoul, Korea, 
Republic of
Simon Kim, Ti Tongil Kim
U.S. hospitals have substantially increased spending on 
advertising in recent years, with a substantial portion of it 
focused on emergency care. This is in contrast with a common 
belief that advertising may not be effective for patients 
choosing a hospital in the midst of medical emergency, and 
little studies have examined the impact of such advertising. 
Using individual patient hospital discharge data and hospital 
television advertising data from Florida, we investigate 
how hospital advertising affects emergency department 
(ED) patients’ choice of hospitals and subsequent health 
outcomes. We find that ED patients’ travel distance to 
hospital increases when they are exposed to a higher level 
of hospital advertising focused on emergency care. We 
also observe substantial heterogeneous responses in terms 
of patient characteristics and location-specific factors. We 
further discuss subsequent implications in patient health 
outcomes to determine whether emergency care advertising 
can ultimately benefit patients.
3 - Sunk Cost in Mhealth Dynamics
Yikun Jiang, University of California-Berkeley, Berkeley, CA
Nathan Yang
Our research aims to study the sunk cost fallacy in 
subscription-based services for mHealth. Using data 
from a popular Freemium mHealth app, we first provide 
empirical evidence that premium subscription fees might 
generate similar effects as the sunk cost fallacy. In particular, 
we demonstrate using propensity score matching causal 
inference that the mHealth users appear to be more engaged 
in multiple dimensions (e.g., tracking consistency, food and 
exercise log entries) when they have adopted the premium 
version (all else held equal). Furthermore, we uncover a novel 
empirical phenomenon, whereby this inferred sunk cost effect 
exhibits temporal patterns (i.e., decaying over time).
4 - Health Inequality in Tele-medicine: The Ironic 
Effect of Video Provisions
Jiang Qian, University of Sydney, Sydney, Australia
Jian Ni, Meng Zhu
The distribution and allocation of healthcare resources 
are important indicators to address health inequalities. 
Telemedicine through virtual visits, as an alternative to 
physical office visits, allows patients from regions with scare 
health resources to access high-quality healthcare. However, 
patients might face greater uncertainty when selecting 
a therapist through text-only webpages. The offering of 
profile videos and AI tools allows therapists to introduce 
themselves and provide details on their services. In this study, 
we investigated whether the introduction of videos has an 
impact on the pricing of teletherapy services. We construct a 
similarity measure between the therapist’s appearance in the 
profile images and the profile videos, using machine learning 
techniques. Leveraging a causal inference framework, we 
find that the introduction of profile videos could lead to a 
premium for teletherapy price, and higher similarity between 
videos and pictures could generate even higher premiums. 
In other words, while the introduction of profile videos 
may bring some benefits of reducing patient uncertainty 
in selecting a therapist online, it could amplify and further 
jeopardize inequalities in access to healthcare.
5 - Incentivized Peer Referrals in Health: 
Field Experiment Evidence from Zambia 
During Covid
Pradeep Chintagunta, University of Chicago, Chicago, IL
In this paper, we report the results of a randomized controlled 
trial conducted in Zambia to study whether peer networks 
can be leveraged to promote the spread of in-formation 
about COVID-19 preventive behaviors using available 
technology (basic cellphones). Specifically, we tested whether 
individuals can be encouraged or incentivized to forward 
SMSs with their contacts, whether such messages have 
an effect on the recipients’ behavior, and whether effects 
depend on the sender (government health authority or part of 
one’s peer network).
SA11
Virtual Room 11
Digital Marketing Strategy
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Rajan Mishra
Purdue University
1 - The Effect of Recommender Systems on 
Online Investor Behaviors
Ruiqi Zhu, Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlanta, GA
Recommender systems have been widely applied in 
online retailing, which have been shown to have an 
impact on consumers’ purchase behavior. The growing 
online E-commerce platforms where people can invest in 
mutual fund and financial products also see the prevailing 
existence of recommender systems. However, their impact 
on online investors’ behavior is rarely documented. The 
distinction between investment and purchase behaviors 
as well as the attributional difference between financial 
and consumer products make the conclusions in previous 
literature doubtful to apply. In this paper, we employ 
regression discontinuity approach to causally examine 
the effect of recommender systems on online investor 
behaviors in mutual fund investment. The results show 
that (1) recommender systems have a significantly positive 
effect on purchase; (2) the recommendation effect is 
heterogeneous across different types of mutual fund and 
investors with different characteristics; and (3) the effect on 
holding period of recommended funds is heterogeneous 
across different investors. In addition, we examine the 
mechanisms and implications.
2 - Where Does the Sales of Sustainable New 
Products Come From?: New, Competitive, 
and Cannibalized Growth
Youngtak M. Kim, University of Georgia, Athens, GA
Sundar G Bharadwaj
Sustainable is no longer a strategic differentiator but a 
necessity. Consumer demand for sustainable products is 
growing and serving as key drivers of sales growth. As a result, 
companies have greater incentives to create sustainable 
products that serve the needs of consumers and societal 
(environmental and social) good to increase firm value. 
However, the corporate sustainability and social responsibility 
literature in marketing is limited to studies that observe 
firm-level initiatives with fewer implications at the brand 
and product level. Therefore, this study seeks to understand 
how sustainable new products influence the offerings of a 
brand using a demand decomposition approach. Using retail 
scanner data, we decompose the demand of sustainable new 
products to determine if they serve as sources of new (market 
expansion), competitive (substitution), or cannibalized growth. 
In addition, we observe the effects of the marketing mix 
elements and product moderators (certification, convenience, 
quality) that serve as contingencies. This offers theoretical 
and practical insights when considering the launch of 
sustainable new products.
3 - The Value of Reputation Badges in the Age of 
Ratings and Reviews: An Empirical Study of 
Airbnb’s Superhost Program
Rajan Mishra, Purdue University, West Lafayette, IN
Guofang Huang, Manohar U Kalwani
We study the value of a reputation badge for high-quality 
sellers on e-commerce platforms amidst the availability of 
customer reviews and ratings. A reputation badge may serve 
as a quality signal for experience goods in markets with 
significant search friction due to, for example, the cost of 
reading reviews and ratings. Also, sellers with a reputation 
badge become more prominent than other sellers. When 
customers who search only a finite number of times search 
(high-quality) sellers with the badge first, they are less likely 
to leave the platform without buying anything. We estimate 
the impact of introducing the seller reputation badge by 
using a unique panel data set from Airbnb. In contrast to 
the extant research focusing on the impact of a reputation 
badge on individual sellers, our study focuses primarily on 
the overall impact of the seller reputation badge on the 
platform. Exploiting a regression discontinuity design and 
an exogenously fixed schedule of updating the Superhost 
badge, we find a strong positive effect of the Superhost 
badge system on the bookings and revenue of the Airbnb 
platform. Furthermore, we find evidence for two mechanisms 
that contribute to the positive effect. First, the Superhost 
badge facilitates the bookings of new properties with few 
ratings and reviews hosted by multi-property hosts by serving 
as a positive signal for the latent quality of host (service). 
Second, the Superhost badge enhances the prominence of 
high-quality hosts (of either single or multiple- properties) 
on the platform. This makes customers more likely to find a 
good match before they give up on searching. Overall, our 
findings suggest a significant positive value of introducing 
seller reputation badge system even for online platforms that 
already have customer reviews.
Saturday, 8:00AM - 9:00AM
SA12
Virtual Room 12
Multi-channels I
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Wei Liu
China University of Petroleum (Huadong)
1 - Logging Off: On Consumer Disengagement in 
Online Grocery Shopping
Els Gijsbrechts, Tilburg University, Tilburg, Netherlands
Katrijn Gielens
For the longest time, grocery ecommerce has been lagging 
behind. With Covid, an uptick in online grocery adoption 
is observed. But is do shoppers stick with the channel? 
Anecdotal evidence indicates that online experiences are 
not ideal and even after repeated trials, many disengage. 
An analysis of this issue is currently lacking, and our research 
fills this gap. Our objectives are as follows. 1. assess the 
prevalence of online grocery disengagement 2. pinpoint 
sources of disengagement 3. gauge the impact of Covid 
4. uncover segments with different online channel (dis)
engagement. Typically, online channels are praised for 
convenience - saving shopping time and effort. But does the 
online channel truly increase convenience? For one, online 
grocery shopping requires shoppers to acquire a new set 
of habits. Moreover, most shoppers keep buying groceries 
both online and offline; Online is thus not a substitute but a 
complement to store visits, implying that online affects offline, 
and carry-over effects alter shopping convenience. We use 
a ‘smooth transition’ approach to capture online grocery-
shopping propensity as a function of experience, shopping 
pattern adjustments, and external factors. We combine this 
model with an online trip-share component as consumers do 
not shop online every week and use a latent class approach 
to address consumer heterogeneity. We use data on 10,000 
Dutch households between 2015-2021. We find that the 
majority of online adopters do not stick and distinguish 
four segments (Dis)engagement follows from a tradeoff 
between experience, disenchantment, and shopping patterns 
adjustments. We see that Covid does not ‘jump start’ online 
grocery: while it tempts shoppers to try the channel, few are 
converted into permanent users.
2 - Adding Multiple Platform Apps: The Impact 
of Introducing a Competing App on the Focal 
App’s Adoption Rate and Sales
Wei Liu, China University of Petroleum (Huadong), 
Qingdao, China
Sha Zhang, Tammo H A Bijmolt, Evert de Haan
With platform apps (e.g., Grubhub, Just-Eat, Booking.com) 
becoming a popular sales channel, firms, especially those 
in the restaurant- and hotel industries, are adding multiple 
platform apps to their channel portfolio. Firms’ motivation to 
add multiple platform apps is to increase exposure and sales 
(e.g., Marriott hotels listed on booking.com and on Expedia). 
Yet some platforms such as Meituan, China’s largest food 
delivery app, required firms to sign exclusive cooperation 
agreements, assuming that adding a competing app will 
cannibalize the adoption rate and sales on Meituan. Previous 
channel addition literature mainly focuses on adding a single 
channel and ignores competitive interferences between 
channels. The impact of adding multiple apps, especially 
a competing app, on the focal app’s performance has 
not been examined so far. Does introducing a competing 
app cannibalize or enhance a focal app’s adoption rate 
and sales? How do introducing timing, store size, and age 
moderate the effect? We use social contagion theory and 
associative network theory to develop hypotheses. To test 
the hypotheses, we analyze a unique dataset of 220,108 
customers’ 513,249 purchase records between 1/1/2015 and 
30/06/2016, where 18 stores based in Beijing from a restaurant 
chain added multiple food delivery platform apps. We use 
the Bass model for adoption of the app and meta-analysis 
methodology to obtain results across the stores. Interestingly, 
the results show that adding a competing app has synergistic 
effects on the focal app’s adoption rate and sales. This effect 
is moderated by competing app addition timing, where 
the positive impact increases if the new app is introduced 
later. Thus, this study provides relevant new insights on the 
phenomenon of adding multiple platform apps.
SA13
Virtual Room 13
User Generated Content and Social Platforms
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Isil Büdeyri Turan
Özyeğin University
1 - How has the COVID-19 Changed the Online 
Knowledge-sharing Behaviors via Remote 
Working: Evidence from Stack Overflow
Jihoon Hong, Arizona State University, Tempe, AZ
Mengxia Zhang
The COVID-19 pandemic has dramatically affected how 
people work and communicate. As many employees start 
to work from home, they have been facing difficulties 
sharing and acquiring information with colleagues. Online 
knowledge-sharing platforms (e.g., Stack Overflow) may 
provide a solution to this rapidly changing environment, as 
employees may alternatively choose to exchange information 
on such platforms when working remotely. Thus, we study 
the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on users’ entry and 
contribution behavior on online knowledge-sharing platforms. 
We collect 3,842,184 questions and 4,328,060 answers 
posted by 1,661,308 users on Stack Overflow, the largest 
online knowledge-sharing platform, from September 2018 to 
September 2020. We use a difference-in-differences model to 
leverage the exogenous pandemic shock. We find that after 
the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic: (i) the quantity of 
the total contributions (questions and answers) increases, but 
the average quality of them decreases; (ii) the contribution 
per user and new user entry significantly go up, leading 
to the result (i); (iii) female users have larger membership 
growth and ask more questions while providing higher quality 
answers, compared to male users; and (iv) the results (i) and 
(ii) become more salient in the regions where the workplace 
closure is ordered or where the number of workplace visits 
decreases. We discuss implications for online knowledge-
sharing platforms and the firms adopting remote work 
in the post-COVID era.
2 - Nature Leads Social Media and Beer Sales: 
Weather vs. Price in a Dark Market
Işıl Büdeyri Turan, PhD Fellow, Özyeğin University, 
Istanbul, Turkey
M. Tolga Akçura, Koen Pauwels
Changes in weather have significant impact on consumption 
patterns. This impact extends to social media behavior. This 
paper studies the impact of year-on-year weather changes 
and extreme temperature variations on beer consumption 
as well as the corresponding user-generated content on 
social media. The authors build a vector autoregressive 
model to investigate the dynamic interactions among sales, 
social media volume, valence and price, using temperature 
in the model specification. The findings help assess how the 
effectiveness of a social media volume generating campaign 
can be optimized based on price, positive valence and 
weather analytics. The results suggest that the direct impact 
of temperature on sales is much stronger than that of price, 
and price promotions may not always work in increasing the 
effectiveness of a social media campaign, and thus sales. 
The paper discusses strategies that managers can follow 
to increase social media campaign effectiveness when 
temperature impact is stronger vs. weaker. Moreover, the 
paper emphasizes the necessity of incorporating effective 
weather parameters into social media and sales analytics, for 
getting unbiased estimations and generating optimal social 
media campaign strategies.
SA14
Virtual Room 14
Bayesian Modeling
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Max Pachali
Tilburg University
1 - Unveiling Consumer Preference from 
Real-time Search Traces using a Bayesian 
Dynamic Approach
Zhiying Hu, Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlanta, GA
Xiaojing Dong
Making inferences about consumer preferences has been 
instrumental in targeting and personalized recommendations. 
Traditional methods have relied on access to historical 
consumer level data. Such data become less available given 
the rise of regulatory privacy protections. In this study, we 
develop a Bayesian dynamic approach to unveil consumer 
preferences by leveraging their real-time search traces. This 
approach opens a window for firms to improve consumer 
search experience and recommendation at an early search 
stage with minimal information burden, without tapping into 
the privacy-sensitive data, such as the historical purchase 
data. To achieve that, we build a Bayesian model to capture 
real-time information and evaluate individual level price-
quality tradeoff in a dynamic manner. Using a utility form that 
tailors to price and quality tradeoff, we offer a closed-form 
solution, which enables transparent understanding of how 
important factors in the process together shape consumer 
search decisions. We test the model performance in a 
controlled simulation and a real-world dataset from a large 
travel website using Markov chain Monte Carlo method. Both 
simulated and real-world applications of this new approach 
demonstrate powerful prediction advantages, indicating 
that firms can effectively discover consumer preferences 
leveraging the real-time search data.
2 - A Bayesian DLM Model for Brand Equity
Morgan Bale, PhD Candidate, Drexel University, 
Philadelphia, PA
Elea McDonnell Feit, Eric T Bradlow
This paper presents a statistical model to measure brand 
equity as it changes over time, and gauge the impact of 
changing brand equity on consumers’ product choices. Our 
model extends traditional models of brand equity by using 
weekly UPC-level product choices (nested within brands in a 
hierarchical way) to estimate a brand’s dynamic equity, while 
also (in a new to the literature way) accounting for dynamic 
brand equity’s affect on attribute coefficients. Due to the 
potential for both marketing mix and price endogeneity, we 
introduce a two-level copula structure as price and marketing 
enter our Bayesian models at different levels. We apply the 
proposed model in an empirical application using a panel 
data set of households’ purchases in the diet soda category, 
demonstrating that brand equity has a measurable effect on 
price sensitivity and other attribute coefficients. We utilize our 
model to optimize the timing and depth of marketing and 
to derive optimal weekly prices comparing those results to 
simpler benchmark models. As we show, this extended model 
provides firms and researchers with a more comprehensive 
view of brand equity, and leads to novel strategies for 
building and exploiting the strength of a brand.
3 - Constrained Heterogeneity
Max Pachali, Tilburg University, Tilburg, Netherlands
Tetyana Kosyakova, Adam Smith, Thomas Otter
Distributions of preferences and other economic primitives 
are often key inputs in market-level counterfactual analyses. 
In empirical work, these distributions must be inferred 
from finite amounts of data where measures of statistical fit 
often favor simple - yet ad hoc - parametric assumptions. 
In this paper, we investigate ways of imbuing preference 
distributions with healthy doses of economic rationality 
through sign and order constraints. Such constraints naturally 
arise whenever product attributes such as quality or price 
can be vertically ordered a priori. We illustrate the merits 
and the disadvantages of imposing such constraints using 
(i) truncated normal and (ii) log-normal distributions. We 
then develop a model that enables the analyst to structure 
random coefficient distributions according to basic economic 
arguments using a combination of log-normal, truncated 
normal, and unconstrained distributions. We develop feasible 
Bayesian inference for this model based on MCMC, and 
illustrate that imposing economic constraints improves the 
accuracy of inferred production costs and counterfactual 
price predictions after the mandatory ban of cage eggs using 
German household scanner panel data.
Saturday, 10:15–11:15am
SB01
Virtual Room 01
AI Adoption Theory and Implications
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Liying Qiu
Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA
1 - AI for Crowdsourcing? Integrated Theoretical 
Model for Idea Screening
Christian Pescher, Universidad de los Andes, 
Santiago, Chile
Jason Bell, Gerard J Tellis, Johann Füller
Crowdsourcing generates thousands of ideas. While a boon 
to innovation, selection of best ideas is costly because of the 
limited number, expertise, objectivity, and attention of judges. 
This paper builds a theory-based model to automate idea 
screening. The authors explore predictors inspired bythree 
recently published models from the behavioral sciences: 
Word Colocation, Content Atypicality, and Inspiration 
Redundancy. Using least absolute shrinkage and selection 
operator (LASSO) versus Random Forest and RuleFit, the 
authors test performance of theory-based predictors in 
and out of sample. Data are from 21 different real-world 
crowdsourcing contestsconducted for large firms. Results are 
the following. First, the Receiver Operating Characteristic 
curve (ROC) plots the false positive rate (x-axis) versus the true 
positive rate (y-axis) for values between 0 and 1; predictors 
inspired by each of the three original models contribute to 
in-sample and out-of-sample prediction, jointly providing 
the largest area under the ROC curve (AUC) of all models 
tested. Second, a new metric, Word Atypicality, predicts 
as well as this joint model but is more parsimonious and 
has higher screening efficiency. Third, method-wise, simple 
LASSO outperforms Random Forest and RuleFit. Fourth, 
the metrics are partial substitutes among the goodideas, 
but complementary at the bottom. Fifth, ROC curves show 
that this model with Word Atypicality can better screen out 
bad ideas than pick the single best idea, performing best 
when screening out as much as 44% of worst ideas for a 
false negative rate of only 15%. While the modelstill cannot 
pick the best idea, it provides an enormous gain in experts 
efficiency by eliminating almost half of bad ideas.
2 - Transfer Knowledge from Consumer Goods to 
Financial Products
Shenghao Wang, University of Iowa, Iowa City, IA
With the rapid growth of e-commerce, financial products are 
being brought onto online platforms. However, due to the 
scarcity of data in this new product domain, online platforms 
face challenges in predicting users’ purchase behavior. In this 
paper, we study whether we can transfer knowledge learned 
from the existing consumer goods domain to benefit the 
prediction in the domain of the financial products. With data 
provided by one of the largest online shopping platforms 
in China, we develop machine learning solutions to enable 
knowledge transfer. We show that users’ prior browsing 
and shopping history in consumer goods can significantly 
improve the prediction accuracy of users’ purchases of 
mutual funds for both the existing-user and the new-user 
scenarios. In addition, we study the heterogeneous prediction 
performance lifts on users with different socioeconomic 
statuses and investment risk preferences. Results show 
that information from the consumer goods domain has 
a higher prediction performance lift on users in the high 
socioeconomic group. Finally, we compare the effect 
of different sources of information on predicting users’ 
purchases of mutual funds. We find that users’ browsing and 
shopping history for consumer goods are more predictive 
than their profile features. Our findings and methods will be 
valuable to both the financial industry and online platforms 
that seek to expand their product domains. 
3 - A Graph-based Geometric Deep Learning 
Technique for Personality Detection
Tolga M Akcura, Ozyegin University, Istanbul, Turkey 
,Murat Sensoy
Personality research provides important guidance within 
intelligence, education, and business professionals. 
Neuroscience shows that consumer response heterogeneity 
can be attributable to individual differences in gray matter 
volume in brain areas associated with personality. In diverse 
settings, marketing researchers show that personality 
traits such as anxiety, self-confidence and task orientation 
have broad implications on brand choice as they foster 
satisfaction, affect consumer search, and brand loyalty. 
Thus, understanding consumer personality has important 
implications for marketing. For example, personality-
grounded actions may precipitate ethical and sustainable 
marketing, and ultimately, most generally, creating and 
delivering consumer happiness. Personality is typically 
identified based on tests and questionnaires. Intelligent, 
real-time, observation-driven technologies either as part of 
algorithmic strategy formulations or managerial decision-
support systems are in need. This research aims to discover 
personality indicators using consumer behaviour observations 
and recent machine learning techniques. The observation 
data come from social media, where a significant number 
of diverse users present their personality types in their 
public profiles after taking an online personality test. We 
represent these public profiles as graphs and use them to 
train graph neural networks to create predictors for automatic 
personality classification for other users. In this work, we 
use a heterogenous graph structure to represent consumer 
interactions and engagements. Users, keywords, locations 
and languages act as nodes in the graph. User nodes store 
metadata (user id, location, follower and following counts, 
shared media count, likes count etc.) about the user as 
features. Keywords, the words the users type when they 
share their content, are represented by BERT embeddings. 
Locations and languages are represented as one-hot vectors. 
Results show that the proposed technique enables highly 
accurate personality predictions.
4 - Ranking Systems and Algorithmic Collusion
Liying Qiu, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA
Yan Huang, Param Vir Singh
Reinforcement learning (RL) based pricing algorithms have 
been shown to tacitly collude to set supra-competitive 
prices in oligopoly models of repeated price competition. 
We investigate the impact of ranking systems, a common 
feature of online marketplaces, on algorithmic collusion. 
Through extensive experiments on a duopoly model where 
two firms utilize RL algorithms (specifically, Actor Critic) 
to set prices on a third-party platform that ranks products 
based on features such as recent sales and current period 
prices, we find that the introduction of the ranking system 
mitigates the tacit collusion that stems from RL based pricing. 
The ranking system’s mitigation effect is moderated by the 
horizontal differentiation between the products offered by 
the firms and the stickiness of product ranks. In particular, 
when products are more horizontally differentiated from each 
other and when past sales have a larger influence on product 
ranks (sticky ranking), the prices charged by the two firms are 
higher and the ranking system’s mitigation effect is weaker. 
However, in both cases, prices in the presence of ranking 
are lower than that in the absence of ranking. Our analysis 
sheds light on the impact of ranking systems on consumer 
welfare and on design of ranking systems to prevent 
algorithmic pricing collusion.
SB04
Virtual Room 04
Retailing and Pricing
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Yihao Yuan
University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA
1 - Competitive Disclosure of Multiple Product 
Attributes
James Dearden, Lehigh University, Bethlehem, PA 
Qichao Shi, Ernest Lai, David Goldbaum
Firms engaging in competition are motivated to make known 
to consumers the superiority of their products relative to their 
competitors’. When products have multiple attributes, this 
incentive manifests as a tendency to underscore the product 
attributes that represent one’s strength and to downplay 
the attributes that are not as exceptional. In a familiar 
term, comparative advantages of some sorts are at work to 
influence what firms disclose and not disclose to consumers. 
This paper analyzes how this and other factors contribute to 
determine quality disclosure in a competitive setting with 
multiple product attributes. We analyze a duopolistic model 
of quality disclosure in which product differentiation can be 
either horizontal or vertical under two vertically differentiated 
product attributes. Disclosure is fully revealing in the absence 
of disclosure cost. When disclosure is costly, firms partially 
disclose, and the characterization of the non-disclosure sets 
of the firms are shaped by three familiar economic properties, 
namely, product differentiation, comparative advantages, and 
intensity of price competition. When consumers fall short of 
forming rational expectation after non-disclosure, firms may 
partially disclose even without disclosure cost, and the three 
properties continue to dictate firms’ disclosure behavior in the 
boundedly rational paradigm.
2 - The Size and Welfare Effect of Trade 
Allowances: Lessons from Yogurts
Yihao Yuan, The Wharton School, University of 
Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA
This paper examines how trade allowances affect consumer 
surplus. Trade allowances—lump sum payments from 
manufacturers to retail stores—may enable low-quality 
products to crowd out high-quality ones, which harms 
consumers (distortion effect). However, they may also 
allow cost sharing between manufacturers and stores, 
thus incentivize stores to offer more products (expansion 
effect). The overall effect of trade allowances on consumer 
surplus is therefore theoretically ambiguous. To quantify 
this effect, I estimate the size of trade allowances using a 
two-stage model, in which stores decide assortments and 
prices in each stage. In contrast to the prior literature, I 
utilize stores’ revealed preferences to construct moment 
inequalities for estimation, which allows me to avoid imposing 
strong assumptions on the vertical relations between 
manufacturers and retailers. My estimates imply that trade 
allowances account for one fifth of the average store’s 
profit. Counterfactual analyses indicate that eliminating 
trade allowances would reduce the number of products 
offered but would still increase consumer surplus overall. 
This suggests that the costs of distortion outweigh benefits 
from product expansion.
SB05
Virtual Room 05
Platforms I
Contributed Sessions
Chair: KItty Wang
University of Houston, Houston, TX
1 - Optimizing Personalized Promotions for Ride-
sharing Providers in Two-sided Markets
Ali Kozehgaran, PhD Student, Syracuse University, 
Syracuse, NY
Scott A Fay
We examine how personalized promotions can improve the 
performance of two-sided platforms, using the empirical 
setting of Chicago’s taxi market. Our focal taxi company 
links its drivers to passengers, where ride requests are made 
through three channels - a mobile app, non-app requests 
(e.g., via phone), and on-street hailing. While the taxi 
company directly assigns cab drivers to passengers who arrive 
from the first two channels, coordination is more complicated 
for passengers acquired via on-street hailing. Currently, 
because revenue-sharing is constant across routes, drivers 
search for passengers in areas closest to their most recent 
drop-off or in areas known to have heavy demand. However, 
because drivers have heterogeneous abilities (e.g., due to 
differences in familiarity with the traffic patterns of each 
geographical zone), search can result in inefficient matches 
between drivers and passengers. We use historical data to 
detect latent driver ability from their past behavior along 
with reducing model complexity through clustering routes 
and then apply data-driven stochastic optimization models 
to identify how redistribution of drivers can improve the 
company’s profit. This can be implemented via personalized 
promotions for each driver. Specifically, drivers are 
incentivized and expected to follow the desired, pre-specified 
distribution pattern and in return, company demands a lower 
commission rate on certain clusters of routes associated with 
each driver. We find that, under this promotion strategy, the 
company could increase its annual net revenue by 7% despite 
the fact that drivers retain a larger fraction of gross revenue. 
This increase in profit is accomplished without raising fares, 
increasing unit market share or imposing higher workloads 
on the drivers, i.e., no driver is required to significantly 
increase its service rate in the system in terms of number of 
trips, time and distance.
2 - Impact of Uber’s Acquisition of Postmates on 
Consumer Welfare
Pallavi Pal, Stevens Institute of Technology, Hoboken, NJ
This paper investigates the effect of acquisition in Multiside 
firms. Specifically, looking at the impact of Uber Eats’ 
acquisition of Postmates on the quality and price of service 
provided to the consumers. The literature on platforms shows 
how the two-sided platform pricing on one side is impacted 
by cross-network effect from the other side. This has also led 
to differential treatment for merger analysis of the two-sided 
platform. For instance, Erkal and Piccinin (2010) show that 
mergers that do not increase cost-efficiency in any possible 
way strictly reduce consumer welfare. On the other hand, 
Shimomura and Thisse (2012) show that consumers may 
benefit from the existence of large firms because they make 
the market more competitive. To study the case of Uber Eats’ 
acquisition of Postmates, I use a novel dataset that scraped 
the information available on Uber Eats and Postmates 
websites before and after the purchase. The data contains 
information about the number of restaurants, delivery fee, 
delivery time, and offers provided through the platform. I 
collect information for two product categories, namely Pizza 
and Burgers. To identify the impact of the acquisition, we use 
the difference in the effects for the two product categories. 
The data showed a high competition between the platforms 
in the Pizza category compared to the Burger category. I 
capture the impact of the acquisition using a triple Difference 
estimator, where the difference is between the two platforms 
across the two product categories before and after the 
acquisition. The results show that the acquisition significantly 
impacts delivery fees and delivery time. Specifically, the 
difference in the delivery fee between the two platforms 
decreased after the acquisition announcement. Additionally, 
we find that after the acquisition was approved, there was a 
significant increase in the number of restaurants and offers 
made on the Postmates app.
3 - Fending Off Critics of Platform Power: Doing 
Well by Doing Good?
Kitty Wang, University of Houston, Houston, TX
Hemant K Bhargava, Luna Zhang
Many digital platforms have accrued enormous power 
and scale, leveraging cross-side network effects between 
the sides they connect (e.g., producers and consumers; or 
creators and viewers). Platforms motivate a diverse spectrum 
of producers, large and small, to participate by sharing 
platform revenue with them, predominantly under a linear 
revenue-sharing scheme with the same commission rate 
regardless of producer power or size. Under pressure from 
society, lawsuits, and antitrust investigations, major platforms 
have announced revenue sharing designs that favor smaller 
businesses. We develop a model of platform economics, and 
show that a small-business oriented (SBO) differential revenue 
sharing design can increase total welfare and outputs on the 
platform. While the small producers almost always benefit 
from the shift in revenue sharing design, large producers can 
also be better off under some conditions. More interestingly, 
we show that platforms are the most likely winner under a 
differential revenue sharing scheme. Hence, an intervention 
that ostensibly offers concessions and generous treatment to 
producers might well be self-serving for platforms and also 
good for the entire ecosystem.
SB06
Virtual Room 06
Machine Learning Applications II
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Jia Liu
Hong Kong University of Science and 
Technology, Hong Kong
1 - Understanding the Business-customer 
Network Using Consumer Mobility and 
Review Data -- A Heterogeneous Graph 
Transformer Approach
Baohong Sun, Cheung Kong Graduate School of Business, 
New York, NY
Jiaxin Du, Natasha Zhang Foutz, Xinyue Ye
Consumer mobility data is location-aware, temporary 
recorded, and contains customer choices of point-of-
interest (POI). It is interesting to integrate customer offline 
mobility data with online contextual information to study 
customer choices of POI, derive a network that inter-connects 
customers and businesses, and compare the analytical 
network with its corresponding spatial distribution.
In this paper, we formulate the customer-business relationship 
as a heterogeneous information network. Specifically, we 
define POIs, customers, review, and census tract as four 
types of nodes and treat customer visits as edges that link 
all the nodes. By allowing each node and edge to carry its 
own attributes, this framework predicts customer choice 
by incorporating all the factors that could potentially affect 
today’s customer POI choices, that is, the PGC, UGC, 
travel distance, latent preference, spatial location, and 
inter-temporal purchase pattern.We leverage the recently 
developed Heterogeneous Graph Transformer (HGT) to mine 
the heterogeneous and attributed network with large amount 
of variables and (often) non-linear relationship. The deep 
learning model predicts customer choices of POIs, infers the 
relative importance of all attributes, clusters customers, and 
derives competitive relationship among POIs, resulting in 
comprehensive marketing intelligence.We apply the model to 
a combined Yelp and mobility data with 8000 customers’ visits 
to 1362 restaurants in Pittsburgh. Result show that restaurant 
features listed on Yelp contribute the most to the prediction 
of customer visits (58%), followed by customer preference 
(22.8%), online review (12.7%), and census data (6.5%). 
The model identifies three restaurant and four customer 
clusters. By aligning the analytical restaurant clusters with 
their geographic distribution, we demonstrate the difference 
between spatial and customer competition. Simulation 
show that enhancing an attribute favored by the target 
audience or moving closer to the customer base significantly 
increase foot traffic.
2 - B2B Persona Buyer Center Analytics
Lili Zhang, Hewlett Packard Enterprise, San Jose, CA
Zainab Jamal, Swarup Chandra
B2B typically has long and complex cycles with a purchase 
decision made by a group of decision makers in the buying 
center. Identification of people in the buying center and 
their influence becomes critical for marketing and sales 
to streamline their efforts. Persona-based marketing is an 
important way of designing strategies that place the buyer 
personas at the center to effectively engage the customers, 
leading to the improvements in click-through rate, conversion 
rate, and revenue. A persona is a representation of the 
customers’ characteristics (e.g., demographics, job roles), 
among which the job roles are more relevant in B2B. In 
this work, we showcase how we have used data science 
methods (e.g., unstructured data analytics, natural language 
processing, topic modeling, supervised learning) to identify 
core buyer personas from millions of job titles and build 
the persona influence index based on their engagement 
and conversion behaviors. The outcome helps evaluate the 
information value of contact persona groups an organization 
has and strategically improve data quality to meet the goal of 
the buying center engagement. It also enables the intelligent 
persona-based audience creation for marketing campaigns.
3 - Location-based Market Structure: A Dynamic 
Analysis of Product Assortment and 
Consumer Purchase
Jia Liu, Hong Kong University of Science and 
Technology, Hong Kong
Kohei Kawaguchi
Market structure analysis aims to provide an understanding 
of the relationship (e.g., substitution and complementarity) 
among brands/products/services within a market so that 
practitioners can develop effective competitive strategies 
and create sustainable competitive advantages. Despite a 
large number of studies in this research area, practitioners 
are still in a great lack of guidance for customizing their 
assortment across multiple stores. This project aims to fill in 
this significant research gap by identifying different consumer 
segments and by quantifying the differences in their product 
and location preferences. To this end, we develop a machine 
learning model, called the dual Gamma-Poisson Dynamic 
System (dGPDS), that enables location-based product-level 
market structure analysis, using panel data on product 
assortment and individual consumers’ purchases across 
stores. The outputs from dGPDS can help retailers improve 
store location strategies as well as location-based product 
assortment strategies. We apply dPGDS in retail vending 
because vendors often increase coverage and product variety 
by installing more vending machines in the same marketplace.
SB07
Virtual Room 07
Digital Marketing II
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Ming Cheng
 Ming Cheng, Suffolk University, Boston, MA
1 - Residual Heterogeneity within Targeted 
Digital Audiences
Matthew McGranaghan, University of Delaware, 
Wilmington, DE
Marcel Preuss
Advertisers participate in advertising auctions by choosing a 
target audience, a bid type (pay-per-impression or pay-per-
action), and bid amount, resulting in a reached audience. 
We show how unspecified and unspecifiable attributes of the 
reached audience depend not only on the target audience, 
but also on the bid type and bid amount. Unspecified 
attributes refer to attributes that the advertiser could have 
targeted but did not target. Unspecifiable attributes refer to 
attributes that the advertiser cannot target (e.g., intention to 
buy). We run novel experiments on a social media platform 
that allow us to measure the otherwise unobservable 
composition of a reached audience along unspecified and 
unspecifiable attributes, and document how bid type and bid 
amount systematically affect the composition of a reached 
audience. Optimal bidding in this environment is thus 
complicated by the bid type and bid amount influencing the 
value of the reached audience.
2 - Sales Impacts of Live-streaming Video Ads
Zining Wang, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, 
BC, Canada
Yanwen Wang, Shuai Yang, Hongju Liu
Live-streaming shopping has reshaped E-commerce with 
the entertaining, immersive and interactive experience it 
provides. Despite the boom of live-streaming, the sales 
impacts of live-streaming video ads remain unclear. In this 
work, we investigate the long-run sales impacts of live-
streaming video ads using a large-scale scanner dataset 
retrieved from a leading online marketplace in China. We 
estimate live-streaming elasticities for 304 national and 
international apparel brands. The documented live-streaming 
elasticities could serve as a reference for practitioners and 
marketing researchers in the rapidly evolving live-streaming 
economy. In order to provide generalizable estimates of 
live-streaming effects, we include fixed effects to control for a 
range of confounding sources in our model design, and utilize 
the institutional details of live-streaming video ad scheduling 
for model identification. Our estimates on live-streaming 
elasticities are robust, given the adjustment of confounding 
sources and model specifications. Our empirical analysis 
suggests that for about two-third of the brands, live-streaming 
video ads on E-commerce platforms have significant sales 
impacts on the promoted products. Given the median brand, 
a 100% increase in its live-streaming ads tends to increase the 
current and future sales of its promoted products by 23.9%. In 
addition, the effectiveness of live-streaming video ads tends 
to vary by host types. In particular, a 100% increase in live-
streaming ads hosted by the median brand’s live-streaming 
channels corresponds to a 29.8% increase in sales, while 
the sales lift related to star, platform and micro influencers 
are 17.9%, 11.7% and 8.8%, respectively. The difference in 
influencer-specific live-streaming effects are likely to be 
triggered by traits of influencers rather than audience size. 
Finally, metrics of brand strength, including market share and 
pricing power, moderate live-streaming effects, such that high 
market-share brands and affordable brands can get the most 
out of live-streaming advertising.
3 - The Effects of Price Promotions on New 
Customer Acquisition for Information Goods
Daniela Schmitt, Nova School of Business and Economics, 
Carcavelos, Portugal
Rom Schrift, Raghuram Iyengar, Florian Stahl
Can price promotions help firms acquire profitable 
customers? Research from consumer packaged goods 
suggests that promotionally-acquired customers have little 
long-term value. We examine whether this answer holds 
for price promotions for information goods (e.g., digital 
newspapers). One notable feature of companies selling such 
goods is that they employ a dual revenue model - customers 
pay to access the service and advertisers pay based on 
customers’ consumption. Here, a promotion may still attract 
customers with low willingness to pay. These customers, 
however, can become profitable based on their consumption. 
We empirically assess the tradeoff between lower subscription 
and higher advertising revenue using individual-level data 
from a digital newspaper that implemented its first ever price 
promotion. We find that promotionally acquired customers 
can be more valuable than those who join at the regular price. 
We propose self-selection as the main driver of our results.
4 - Beyond Influencers: Impacts of Viewer 
Herd Behaviors and Sales Assortment on 
Performance of Livestream Events
Ming Cheng, Suffolk University, Boston, MA
Jane Zhu, Quan Jin
Digital transformation in marketing has profoundly changed 
the way how brands communicate and interact with 
customers. Livestream sales events that are hosted by social 
media influencers and conducted via major social media/e-
commerce sites to introduce, recommend a wide variety of 
product and service offerings have emerged and become a 
new digital promotion paradigm (e.g., Amazon Live, TikTok). 
The idea of integrating social media interactivity between 
influencers and audiences into an online sales event has 
turned out to be a popular and successful business model, 
particularly for companies with focuses in selling intangible, 
hedonic, and experience-driven offerings.
Drawing from social media influencer and assortment choice 
literature, we hypothesize that the social impact, as it is 
exemplified by crowd or herd behaviors in livestream events 
(e.g., customer’s sentiment through likes, comments in a 
livestream event) could play an important role in influencing 
a consumer’s purchase decision and subsequently, affecting 
the sales performance of the brands and the influencer. 
Additionally, we hypothesize that the herd impact could play 
a stronger impact on consumer purchase decision, especially 
when decisions that are difficult to justify (e.g., hedonic 
or service offerings).To empirically test our conceptual 
framework, we collected a unique secondary dataset from a 
leading livestream host platform based in China. We employ 
regression models to test our hypotheses at 1) individual 
product sales performance and 2) social media influencer 
fan base growth levels. Empirically, we discovered that, 
in general, a larger number of likes that a viewer crowd 
generates during an event contributes to more purchases 
of individual items promoted at the event. Additionally, 
herd behaviors have positive impact on hedonic rather than 
utilitarian offerings, particularly when the assortment size is 
small. Our empirical findings provide important implications 
to brand managers and social media influencers.
SB08
Virtual Room 08
ISMS Doctoral Awards
Awards Sessions
Chair: Jiwoong Shin
Yale School of Mangement, New Haven, CT, 
06511-8978, 
1 - Vithala R. and Saroj V. Rao ISMS Doctoral 
Dissertation Award 
Ziwei Cong, Hong Kong University of Science and 
Technology, Hong Kong, China
No Abstract
2 - ISMS Doctoral Dissertation Award 
Runshan Fu, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA
No Abstract
3 - Sheth Foundation ISMS Doctoral 
Dissertation Award 
Zheng Gong, University of Toronto, Toronto, ON, Canada
No Abstract
4 - ISMS Doctoral Dissertation Award
Wei Lu, Rotman School of Management, University of 
Toronto, Toronto, ON, Canada
No Abstract
5 - ISMS Doctoral Dissertation Award
Alexey Sinyashin, UC Berkeley, Berkeley, CA
No Abstract
SB09
Virtual Room 09
Ad Content and Market Outcomes II
Special Sessions
Chair: Hortense Fong
Yale School of Management, Cambridge, CT
Co-Chair: Joonhyuk Yang
University of Notre Dame, University of Notre Dame, 
Notre Dame, IN
1 - Category Learning through Experiential 
Product Images
Liu Liu, University of Colorado Boulder, Boulder, CO
Natasha Foutz, Masakazu Ishihara
Consumers face great uncertainly of product content and 
quality before purchasing experiential products. We hence 
quantify the impact of product images on sales and post-
purchase satisfaction. Specifically, we focus on product 
images used in advertising and packaging to address the 
following key questions. (1) Do these images provide typical 
content information about product contents and categories? 
And (2) How does the extent of typicality impact sales and 
post-purchase satisfaction? We empirically examine these 
questions using a canonical example of experiential products 
- motion pictures. Analyzing 10,000+ movies’ poster images 
via deep learning image classification models, we link two 
constructed metrics, product typicality and ambiguity, to 
box office. We further discuss the substantive and strategic 
implications of our findings.
2 - Gazing Right: Decoding the Effects of Eye 
Gaze Directions in Marketing Images with 
Deep Learning
Eugene Pavlov, University of Miami, Miami, FL
Zhuping Liu, Shuai Yang, Chunmian Ge
Human faces are often used in marketing images to promote 
products in online e-commerce. The real-world effects of 
face presence and gaze directions in such contexts, however, 
have not been studied in the literature. In this paper, we 
apply scalable deep learning methods to more than a quarter 
million images across 351 brands to detect face presence 
and gaze directions and then empirically test their effects on 
consumer responses. We find positive effects of face presence 
on consumer clicks but insignificant effects on purchases. 
However, we find substantial heterogeneity across different 
gaze directions where right gaze is the only effective direction 
to drive both more clicks and more purchases. Direct gaze 
and the other averted gazes increase clicks, but they do not 
lead to more purchases. Hence, it is important to distinguish 
between different averted gazes and extend the conventional 
comparison solely between the averted gaze and the 
direct gaze. We have also replicated the strong positive 
effects of right gaze on click and purchase intentions in a 
controlled experiment and identified curiosity as a potential 
mediator. Overall, these results demonstrate how scalable 
deep learning can help extract relevant information from 
unstructured multimedia content for marketing purposes and 
that gazing right is critical.
3 - Reputation Burning: Analyzing the Impact of 
Brand Sponsorship on Social Influencers
Mengjie Cheng, Harvard University, Cambridge, MA
Shunyuan Zhang
The growth of the influencer marketing industry warrants an 
empirical examination of the effect of posting sponsored 
videos on an influencer’s reputation. We collect a novel 
dataset of 85,669 user-generated YouTube videos created by 
861 prominent English-speaking influencers in the beauty and 
style category. We extract a rich set of theory-driven features 
and use DiNardo-Fortin-Lemieux reweighting to construct 
comparable treatment and control groups that are matched at 
the influencer-video level. A difference-in-differences analysis 
on the matched sample finds a reputation-burning effect: a 
sponsored video, compared to an equivalent organic video, 
costs the influencer 0.17% of their reputation (operationalized 
as the number of subscribers). The reputation-burning effect 
is stronger among influencers with larger audiences; an 
analysis of likes and comments reveals a larger gap in the 
audience’s response to sponsored vs. organic videos among 
influencers with larger (vs. smaller) audiences. The reputation-
burning effect is mitigated when there is high fit between 
the sponsored content and the influencer’s usual content 
and when the promoted brand is less well-known. Our study 
empirically tests an assumption of several theoretical works, 
contributes to the literature on influencer marketing and 
celebrity endorsements, and provides managerial implications 
for influencers, brands, and social media platforms.
4 - Targeting Digital Ads on Emotional Context
Hortense Fong, Yale School of Management, 
New Haven, CT
Vineet Kumar, Ravi Dhar
An increasing number of firms are expanding ad targeting 
services beyond demographic and behavioral variables to 
contextual variables and in particular emotion. We focus 
on emotion targeting as an ad targeting strategy given 
that emotion is known to be one of the most fundamental 
determinants of human behavior. We ask whether matching 
ad emotion with context emotion—the emotion elicited 
by the content where an ad is placed—is an effective ad 
targeting strategy, as has been suggested in past research, 
and focus on the emotions of happiness and sadness. In 
contrast to extant research, we consider the self-selection 
of emotional content in determining ad effectiveness. In 
a field study on YouTube, we find that while happy ads 
are significantly more effective in happy contexts than sad 
contexts, sad ads exhibit no benefit to matching on context 
emotion. We quantify the effect of ad-context emotion 
matching and the effect of content self-selection using a lab 
experiment. The selection effect overwhelms the emotion 
matching effect. The results suggest that the benefit of ad 
targeting on emotion stems from finding individuals who are 
more receptive to ads based on context emotion.
SB10
Virtual Room 10
Understanding Choices between Brand-name and 
Generic Drugs
Special Sessions
Chair: Andrew Ching
Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, MD
Co-Chair: Manuel Ignacio Hermosilla
Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, MD
1 - Bad Medical News and the Aversion of 
Generic Drugs
Manuel Ignacio Hermosilla, Johns Hopkins University, 
Baltimore, MD
Efforts to reduce inefficient healthcare spending are 
prevalent across the developed world. Among available 
policy options, the substitution of brand name for generic 
drugs is of particular interest because it can deliver large 
savings without objective quality sacrifices. These policies are 
nevertheless met with resistance from patients, who perceive 
generic drugs as of relatively lower quality. This article sheds 
new light on the behavioral underpinnings of such generic 
averse behavior. We argue that generic aversion can be 
fueled by an inescapable element of patients’ interaction 
with the healthcare system, i.e., receiving information 
that unveils a health deficiency. We argue that such bad 
medical news reduces the patient’s risk tolerance, causing 
a turn from generic drugs due to their higher perceived 
risk. Supporting evidence is presented from the context of 
LDL (bad) cholesterol testing, where patients who receive 
a 130 mg/dL result are assigned to a bad news treatment 
in a plausibly random way compared to those who receive 
a 129 mg/dL result. Compared to these control patients, 
we find that treated patients experience a 1.3% reduction 
in their propensity to choose a drug’s generic option after 
receiving the LDL result, conversely, an 8% increase in brand 
name choice propensity.
2 - Biosimilar Entry and the Pricing of 
Biologic Drugs
Luca Maini, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, NC
Unlike small-molecule drugs, biologics cannot be exactly 
replicated and instead face post-exclusivity competition from 
inexact copies called biosimilars. Under a stylized model, 
greater perceived differences between incumbent and 
entrant can cause incumbents to fight rather than acquiesce. 
Consistent with this prediction, we find that biologics respond 
to biosimilar entry in the U.S. market by reducing net-of-
rebate prices to maintain volume, in contrast to the well-
documented response of small-molecule drugs to generic 
entry. We exploit variation in biosimilar entry mechanisms 
created by the 2009 Biologics Price and Competition Act 
to provide further suggestive evidence that perceived 
differences drive the observed outcomes.
3 - Quality Regulation and Competition: Evidence 
from Pharmaceutical Markets
Jose Ignacio Cuesta, Stanford University, Stanford, CA
Juan Pablo Atal
Quality regulation attempts to ensure quality and to foster 
competition by reducing vertical differentiation, but may 
also have unintended consequences through its effects 
on market structure. We study this trade-off in the context 
of pharmaceutical bioequivalence, which is the primary 
quality standard for generic drugs. Exploiting the staggered 
phase-in of bioequivalence requirements in Chile, we show 
that stronger regulation decreased the number of drugs 
in the market by 25% and increased average paid prices 
by 9%. These adverse effects were concentrated among 
small markets, suggesting that compliance costs played 
an important role. We estimate a structural model with 
endogenous entry and certification to study the role of drug 
quality, aversion against generics, and certification costs in 
shaping the equilibrium effects of quality regulation. We 
find that quality regulation increased consumer valuation of 
generic drugs through reducing asymmetric information and 
aversion against unbranded generics, which induced entry 
of high-quality products in place of low-quality products. 
Consumer welfare increased despite higher prices and a 
lower number of firms.
4 - Generic Aversion and Observational Learning 
in the Over-the-Counter Drug Market
Mariana Carrera, Montana State University, Bozeman, MT
Through a labeling intervention at a national retailer, we 
test three hypotheses for consumer aversion to generic 
over the counter (OTC) drugs: lack of information on the 
comparability of generic and brand drugs, inattention to 
their price differences, and uncertainty about generic quality 
that can be reduced with information on peer purchase 
rates. With a difference-in-differences strategy, we find that 
posted information on the purchases of other customers 
increases generic purchase shares significantly, while the 
other treatments do not. Consumers without prior generic 
purchases appear particularly responsive to this information. 
These findings have policy implications for promoting 
evidence-based, cost-effective choices
SB11
Virtual Room 11
Digital Marketing Strategy
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Jangwon Choi
University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI
1 - Dynamics of Spatial Proximity Effect and 
Consumer Online Shopping Behavior
Meng Ji, Indiana University Bloomington, Bloomington, IN
Jingcun Cao, Shyam Gopinath, Shibo Li
Spatial proximity has been shown to play a significant role in 
consumers’ shopping behaviors in the marketing literature. 
However, existing literature mainly focuses on consumer 
new product adoption while other dimensions of consumer 
purchasing behaviors are largely ignored. In addition, the 
dynamics of spatial proximity effect, the multi-dimensional 
nature of spatial proximity, and its heterogeneous impact 
remain understudied. Based on social influence theory and 
social identity theory, we examine these research questions 
using a unique dataset from the top shopping website in 
Hong Kong. Our study shows that non-cumulative consumer 
density and cumulative consumer density have an opposite 
impact on consumers’ online purchasing behavior (when and 
how much to buy), and such an effect is dynamically changing 
over time. Further, there exists significant heterogeneity 
across different product categories and consumers. Our 
proposed framework also allows us to identify the drivers of 
the dynamic spatial proximity effect. As a result, this study 
provides novel findings on the dynamics and heterogeneity 
of the spatial proximity effect and offers important 
theoretical and managerial implications for marketing 
researchers and managers.
2 - Modeling the Short vs. Long-run Dynamics of 
Variety-seeking vs. Inertial Preferences for 
Experiential Products
Liangbin Yang, Syracuse University, Syracuse, NY
Joy Lu
Existing models that capture variety-seeking vs. inertial 
consumption behaviors often assume that these behaviors are 
time-invariant and don’t change throughout the consumption 
journey. We relax this assumption and develop a novel model 
that flexibly allows variety-seeking and inertial behavior to be 
time-varying and differ in the short vs. long run, and apply 
our model to data on a large set of players of an online video 
game. For example, a player may exhibit inertial preferences 
by choosing to play the same game options (e.g., a map 
environment, game objective) persistently in the short run, 
but exhibit variety-seeking by switching among different 
options in the long run. Our empirical analysis demonstrates 
that a significant proportion of players exhibit different 
variety-seeking and inertial behavior in the short and long 
run. We further show that allowing time-varying preferences 
can reduce biases in predicting player preferences, as 
well as improve the explanatory and predictive power 
on playing behaviors.
3 - Pay Now vs. Free Later: Investigating the 
Impact of a Consumption-decelerating 
Promotion on a Serialized Digital 
Media Platform
Jangwon Choi, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI
Inyoung Chae, Fred M Feinberg
Promotions for digital goods have typically focused on 
enticing users to consume more, commit for longer, try more 
varieties, but above all on acceleration: incenting content 
consumption immediately or during a tight time window. 
Here, we investigate the effects of a novel promotion, Wait 
Until Free (WUF), that is uniquely consumption-decelerating. 
WUF can be potentially profitable for a variety of reasons, 
chief among them its application to serialized digital content, 
that is, distinct series broken up into successive episodes. 
Specifically, customers can sample novel content for free, and 
can continue to do so by waiting a fixed time; or, for those 
unwilling to wait, by paying. WUF thus exploits heterogeneity 
in intertemporal substitution utility, but can also entail both 
spillover (increased, profitable consumption of non-treated 
series) and a variety of cannibalization artifacts. Analysis of a 
dataset from an online platform for internet comics suggests 
that the WUF promotion can in fact boost paid readership for 
the treated series, and also at the platform level even when 
cannibalization from other untreated series is accounted for, 
when applied to the right set of comics. Using a combinatorial 
genetic algorithm, we efficiently search through sets of 
series that maximize paid viewership over time windows 
of different lengths, finding that the genres and popularity 
of chosen content can change based on planning horizon. 
Finally, to understand individual user-level substitution 
effects, we employ a Cox proportional hazards model to 
identify consumption stickiness for episodes within-series and 
switching behavior across-series, and how these are affected 
by the WUF promotion.
SB12
Virtual Room 12
Multi-channels II
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Hoorsana Damavandi
Western University
1 - Strategic Media Planning for New Products: 
Channel Substitution and Synergy
Vahideh Sadat Abedi, California State University Fullerton, 
Orange, CA
Oded Berman, Fred M Feinberg, Dmitry Krass
New product and service introductions require careful 
joint planning of production and marketing campaigns. 
Consequently, they typically utilize multiple information 
channels to stimulate customer awareness and resultant 
word-of-mouth (WOM), availing of standard budget allocation 
tools. By contrast, when enacting strategic allocation 
decisions - which must align with other management 
imperatives - dividing expenditures across channels is far 
more complex. To this end, we formulate a multi-channel 
demand model for new products (or services), amenable 
to analysis of inter- and intra-channel interaction patterns 
and with the word-of-mouth process, without building 
such interactions directly into the modeling framework. We 
propose a novel decomposition of the multi-channel dynamic 
programming problem into two distinct tiers: the strategic 
tier addresses how to allocate total expenditure across 
channels, while the tactical tier studies how to allocate the 
channel-specific budgets (determined in the strategic tier) 
over time periods. This decomposition enables optimal media 
strategies to sidestep the curse of dimensionality and renders 
the model pragmatically estimable. The model provides 
actionable managerial insights into when, and which, channel 
interactions are synergistic vs. substitutive. Specifically, a 
channel’s interactions are governed primarily by its own 
leverage (potential demand impact) and the WOM-based 
demand momentum (market penetration) it can generate, 
affording a novel basis for channel typography and firm 
action. The modeling framework is illustrated by examining 
camera sales for two media channels (FSIs and radio) and 
their effects over 28 months.
2 - Shipping Subscriptions in B2B: Multichannel 
Demand Implications
Baris Kocaman, Eindhoven University of Technology, 
Eindhoven, Netherlands
Sarah Gelper, Fred Langerak, Tom Van Woensel
Following the recent uptake of subscription-based shipping 
services in B2C online channels, omnichannel sellers 
in business markets are increasingly offering shipping 
subscription programs to survive in the competitive digital 
landscape. However, B2B channel management is typically 
more complex than B2C owing to the salesperson channel, 
which leaves businesses unsure about the effectiveness 
of such programs and how they fit with their omnichannel 
ambitions. We address this problem by studying the 
multichannel demand implications (purchase value, frequency, 
variety, and basket size) of a shipping subscription program 
in a B2B setting. Using data from a global B2B high-tech 
tools manufacturer and a synthetic control approach, 
we demonstrate strong differences in the effect of the 
subscription program across channels. While subscribing to 
free shipping does not increase purchase value, it increases 
purchase frequency, variety, and the share of purchases in 
the salesperson channel. In the online channel, we do not 
observe significant changes except a smaller basket size. In 
the store channel, we do not observe any significant changes. 
The study’s results offer guidance for omnichannel sellers 
on managing subscription programs in B2B multichannel 
environments. Specifically, since the salesperson channel is 
also the costliest, it is recommended that sellers manage 
salesperson response proactively.
3 - The Spillover Effect of Product Defects in 
Buyer-supplier Networks
Hoorsana Damavandi, Ivey Business School, Western 
University, London, ON, Canada
Kersi Antia, Vivek Astvansh, Stefan Wuyts
Product defects are a common occurrence in buyer-supplier 
relationships, typically resulting in a decline in the dollar value 
of the at-fault supplier’s relationship with the affected buyer. 
The present study assesses the spillover effect of a supplier’s 
product defects on its relationship with its other non-affected 
buyers. Building on the problem-solving framework in 
operations management, the authors hypothesize how this 
spillover effect may be strengthened or weakened by the 
information available to these other non-affected buyers 
regarding the problem underlying the defect and its available 
solutions. They conceptualize problem-related information 
as being available from the Simmelian ties (cliques) involving 
the focal non-affected buyer, the at-fault supplier, and other 
buyers/suppliers in the network. In contrast, the authors 
expect non-affected buyers to infer the availability of solutions 
from the number of tier-2 suppliers the at-fault supplier has 
ties with. They expect more information about the problem 
(solution) to exacerbate (attenuate) the negative spillover 
effect, and importantly, for these effects to be nonlinear. 
Relying on a data set comprising a multi-tier network of 
relationships among 13 automotive manufacturers, their 111 
tier-1 suppliers, and 1927 tier-2 suppliers observed over two 
years, the authors estimate a significant decline in the value of 
an at-fault supplier’s relationship with its non-affected buyers. 
They also provide evidence of clear nonlinear strengthening 
and weakening effects for Simmelian ties and the at-fault 
supplier’s count of tier-2 suppliers respectively. These findings 
contribute to the nascent yet growing body of knowledge on 
multi-tier buyer-supplier networks in marketing.
SB13
Virtual Room 13
Reviews
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Nah Lee
Duke University, Fuqua School of Business, 
Durham, NC
1 - Can Online Reviews Improve Quality? 
The Effect of Tripadvisor Adoption and 
Hotel Quality
Yang Wang, Temple University, Philadelphia, PA
Alexander Chaudhry, Amit Pazgal
In this study, we use a game theoretic model to argue that 
the presence of online reviews can lead to product quality 
improvements for independent firms selling experience 
goods. Exploiting heterogeneous review platform penetration 
across markets, we test the predictions of our model using 
a dataset covering 40 thousand U.S. hotels and show 
that markets with greater TripAdvisor penetration exhibit 
greater gains in independent hotel quality. Independent 
hotels located in median peak penetration TripAdvisor 
markets improved their quality by an average of .129 stars 
as measured using composite online travel agent (OTA) 
star ratings, erasing 41% of the advantage held by chains 
in the absence of online reviews. We address measurement 
noise challenges for quality and platform penetration using 
state space models to reveal persistent quality and platform 
penetration trends. Additionally, we resolve endogeneity 
due to potential unobserved confounds correlated with 
penetration and quality across markets and time. We do so 
by exploiting review platforms’ imperfect market definitions 
that divide areas of hotel agglomeration into separate review 
platform markets, thus quasi-exogenously assigning hotels in 
the same area to varying levels of online review exposure. Our 
research suggests that online reviews play an important role 
in facilitating competition on quality.
2 - How Consumers Respond to the (in)
Consistency between Product Ratings and 
Review Sentiments: A Cross-cultural Study of 
UGC in the US and China
Ning Fu, Assistant Professor, California State University, 
Northridge, Northridge, CA
Qi Wang, Chang Hee Park
While various findings have been presented in the literature 
regarding the impact of consumers’ product reviews, early 
studies have focused on the explicitly observed characteristics 
of UGC such as numeric product ratings, the number of 
replies, and the popularity of reviewers. However, when 
consumers process product reviews, they not only read 
numeric ratings but also sense sentiments and emotions 
expressed in review texts. Accordingly, it is important for 
firms to understand how consumers’ subsequent decision-
making and behavior are jointly influenced by the two 
unique sources of information conveyed in UGC. Another 
important question of interest arises as to whether and how 
the impacts of product reviews would vary depending on 
consumers’ cultural background. Given the globalization 
of consumer markets and the growing popularity of online 
review platforms, consumer reviews for the same product 
have become increasingly available across different countries. 
Understanding such cross-cultural differences in consumer 
responses is essential for firms to effectively manage UGC 
platforms for consumers’ product reviews across global 
markets. This research investigates (1) the joint impact of 
numeric ratings and review sentiments in prior product 
reviews on consumers’ product evaluations and (2) how this 
impact varies between individualist and collectivist cultures. 
Using data about 115,231 movie reviews collected for 167 
American movies released both in the US and China, the 
authors find that the joint impact of movie ratings and review 
sentiments varies with the consistency between these two 
information sources, as well as their valence. Furthermore, 
their analysis reveals that the joint impact differs between the 
two cultures. The authors suggest that these findings may 
arise because consumers’ perception of information credibility 
varies depending on the information consistency and their 
cultural background. The findings offer important implications 
for firms in managing UGC platforms for consumers’ product 
reviews and social media across global markets.
3 - Which Consumer Reviews are More Influential: 
The Effects of Friendship and Home Bias on 
Subsequent Reviews
Ruoding Wang, Nanyang Business School, Nanyang 
Technological University, Singapore
Eunsoo Kim, Xinlong Li
Online consumer review (OCR) is an important source 
of product information. With the widespread practice of 
OCR platforms presenting reviews from friends along with 
consumer location information, we investigate how prior 
reviews from friends affect the contents of subsequent 
reviews and whether home bias exists in the review contents. 
Leveraging Yelp review data from 118 cities in North America 
between 2006 and 2018, we employ a Naïve Bayes algorithm 
and hybrid matching method that combines propensity 
score matching (PSM) and Mahalanobis distance matching 
to estimate the friendship and home bias effect on the 
content similarity. The approach is taken to resolve the 
endogeneity problem that similarity among review contents 
from friends or reviewers from the same city can be attributed 
to commonalities among friends or consumers from the same 
city. This study shows superior performance of the hybrid 
matching method compared to the Mahalanobis distance 
matching and the PSM respectively. We find that subsequent 
review contents converge to the review contents from 
friends for a given restaurant. By estimating a causal forest, 
we show that reviews from certain types of users are prone 
to home bias. This research expands the social influence 
literature on the contents of online reviews and provides 
insight to OCR management.
4 - Hospital Reviews, Clinical Quality of Care, and 
Providers’ Response
Nah Lee, Duke University, Fuqua School of Business, 
Durham, NC
Richard Staelin
Despite the surging increase in the public awareness and 
usage of online patient reviews for healthcare services, little 
is known about how these reviews affect healthcare provider’s 
behavior. To this goal, we study the clinical performance of 
2,773 U.S. hospitals in recent years when reviews are widely 
available and examine how it has changed compared to the 
performance in the pre-review era. To this end we analyzed 
over 300k Google reviews. Our overarching premise is that 
multiple measures of patient reviews, including the content 
focus of the reviews (i.e., clinical or non-clinical), and the 
valence and variance of the content, may influence hospital 
manager’s decision on the quality of care provided. Of 
particular interest is the heterogeneity of hospital responses 
across covariates such as the hospital’s characteristics, 
patient socio-demographic variables, and the degree of 
competition facing the hospital. Using an exploratory data 
analysis approach and a diff-in-diff design and causal forests, 
we identify a number of variables that influence the impact 
of review variables on hospital’s performance including the 
helpfulness of the reviews, competitive intensity, hospital size, 
and education level and age of the population the hospital 
serves. Interestingly, provider type, ownership structure, 
and whether or not the hospitals write response comments 
to the online reviews did not materially influence the 
association between review variables and changes in hospital 
performance. We offer insights on how the impact of the 
review variables is affected by meaningful covariates.
SB14
Virtual Room 14
Marketing Models and Applications
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Yuhan Lin
Wealthfront
1 - The Value of Referral: Referral and Purchase in 
Direct Selling
Maiju Guo, Peking University, Beijing, China
Qiaowei Shen, Hongju Liu
Referrals have been detected as the most important source 
of gaining new customers. Direct selling firms offer an 
opportunity for existing consumers to become producers 
after making successful referrals and track the referral provider 
and referral receiver relationship more accurately. Such firms’ 
performance critically depends on the purchase and referral 
performance of existing customers, which determines the 
customer’s overall contribution margin. This paper examines 
the role of referral in interactive and dynamic business 
settings. Using a novel data set from a large direct selling 
company, we construct four focal variables-referral provider’s 
and receiver’s referral and purchase, respectively. To account 
for the possibility that the focal variables influence each other, 
we estimate a panel vector autoregression model on data 
at the month level from 4677 users. The results suggest that 
users’ referral strengthens their purchase, but their purchase 
has no significant impact on referral. In addition, users’ referral 
boosts more referral and purchase of their referred users. 
Moreover, users’ purchase negatively impacts the referral 
but not the purchase of their referred users. Our results shed 
important managerial insights on how platforms can optimize 
marketing interventions such as referral encouragement and 
quantify customer referral value.
2 - Network Effects and Imperfect Competitor 
Information
Paul Parker, University of Kansas, Lawrence, KS
This paper investigates how uncertainty about the size of 
competitor networks affects firms’ pricing decisions. In 
network industries, consumers making purchase decisions 
oftentimes consider the number of direct contacts that have 
already purchased the product. In the telecommunications 
industry, for example, a consumer would be more inclined 
to choose the carrier already adopted by family and friends. 
When making pricing decisions firms must therefore consider 
a prospective customer’s connections to its own network 
and the connections to rival firms’ networks. However, firms 
face uncertainty in that the exact number of connections to 
a rival network is often unknown. Using a dynamic duopoly 
model of price competition, this paper finds that under mild 
uncertainty firms price aggressively to tip the market in their 
favor, after which they price high. Under high uncertainty, 
firms settle into an equilibrium where prices are low. This 
has the effect of decreasing market concentration and 
decreasing average prices.
3 - Estimating View-through Ad Attribution from 
User Surveys using Convex Optimization
Yuhan Lin, Wealthfront, Palo Alto, CA
Rohan Kekatpure, Cassidy Yeung
In Digital Marketing, robust quantification of View-through 
attribution (VTA) is necessary for evaluating channel 
effectiveness. VTA occurs when a product purchase is aided 
by an Ad, but without an explicit click (e.g. a TV ad). A lack 
of a tracking mechanism makes VTA estimation challenging. 
One prevalent technique uses a post-purchase in-product 
user survey to estimate VTA. User surveys enable the 
calculation of channel multipliers, which are the ratio of the 
View-through to the Click-through purchases attributed to 
each marketing channel. Channel multipliers provide a way to 
estimate the unknown VTA for each marketing channel from 
its known click attribution.
In this work, we use Convex Optimization to compute channel 
multipliers in a way that enables a mathematical encoding 
of the expected channel behavior. Large fluctuations 
in channel attributions often result from overfitting the 
calculations to user surveys. Casting channel attribution 
as a Convex Optimization problem allows an introduction 
of constraints that limit such fluctuations. The result of our 
study is a distribution of channel multipliers across the entire 
marketing funnel, with important implications for marketing 
spend optimization.Our technique can be broadly applied 
to estimate Ad effectiveness in a privacy-centric world that 
increasingly limits user tracking.
Saturday, 11:30am–12:30pm
SC01
Virtual Room 01
Search: Theory and Evidence
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Zhang Qiang
The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Shenzhen 
(CUHK-SZ), Shenzhen City, China
1 - Sponsored Search Auction and the Revenue-
maximizing Number of Ads Per Page
Pallavi Pal, Stevens Institute of Technology, Hoboken, NJ
In this paper, I derive a new method to identify the 
distribution of the advertiser’s ad-value in the sponsored 
search auction, explicitly looking at weighted Generalized 
Second Price auction. Compared to previous literature, this 
method incorporates a weaker and more realistic assumption 
of incomplete information. Additionally, I evaluate how much 
the advertisers shade their bid below their value, defined as 
bid shading amount. The results show that the bid shading is 
minimal; the 50th percentile of the bid shading upper bound 
is below 0.2% of their value. The low amount of bid shading 
is due to a high level of competition in the online ad market. 
Additionally, I apply the derived distribution to look at the 
effect of externality on the search engine’s revenue from ads. 
Firms use advertising as a medium to gain a competitive 
advantage, which is negatively affected if the ad appears 
alongside their rival’s ad -- a form of externality. I estimate 
a structural model based on a novel data set of Yahoo! ads 
to quantify the effect of externality on an advertiser’s value 
and then simulate the revenue-maximizing number of ads. 
I find that externality depends on the quality and quantity 
of competing ads. For example, in the laptop category, an 
advertiser’s willingness to pay decreases by thirty-two percent 
due to the addition of a second high-quality ad, but only by 
eleven percent due to a low-quality ad. Furthermore, the 
counterfactual results suggest that the revenue-maximizing 
number of ads per page differs across the ad product 
category, with five ads per page on average. Implementing 
the recommended number of ads would lead to, on average, 
a 4.5 percent increase in revenue. These results provide 
evidence supporting the recent changes in the online 
advertising market; for example, Microsoft introduced a 
service called RAIS that provides advertisers with an option of 
an exclusive ad display.
2 - Modeling Consumer Sequential Search with 
Refinement and Click-stream under the 
Lexicographic Rule
Xuewen Wang, Hong Kong University of Science and 
Technology, Hong Kong
Jia Liu
The increasingly available data on consumer online search 
behavior (such as clicking, sorting, and filtering search results) 
offers researchers and practitioners valuable information for 
preference measurements and for improving personalized 
marketing strategies. This has triggered a series of studies 
that develop structural models of consumer search for policy 
simulations. These models often assume that every consumer 
considers all attributes and the values of different attributes 
could compensate each other, i.e., the compensatory decision 
rules. These assumptions are not only unrealistic, but also 
make it very difficult to fully integrate data on consumer 
usage of search refinement tools, as consumer preferences 
to product attributes are not explicitly linked to their choices 
of filtering/sorting keywords. The recent literature suggests 
that refinement tools have crucial implications on consumer 
search and purchase behavior, and hence the design of online 
platforms. Therefore, it is important to relax these modeling 
assumptions and to be able to take full advantages of 
consumer search data.
We aim to address these research challenges by developing 
a unified sequential search model with learning in which 
consumer decisions on search (including clicking, keyword 
filtering, and sorting) and purchase are derived from utility 
maximization under non-compensatory decision rules (i.e., 
the lexicographic rule). A non-compensatory utility framework 
allows us to explicitly model which keyword(s) consumers 
choose to filter or sort in this decision process. Thus, we can 
conduct counterfactual analysis on the impact of changing 
available keywords in the filtering or sorting lists on consumer 
search and purchase behaviors. We estimate the proposed 
model on a large data set, consisting of consumer search 
histories (including clicking, keyword filtering, sorting, and 
purchase) for hotels on a major web-based hotel comparison 
platform. We document that our model combing consumer 
usage of search refinement tools could better estimate 
consumer preferences in the search process.
3 - A Theory of Customer Search across 
Multiple Platforms
Mohammad Zia, Chapman University, Orange, CA
We investigate customer search and purchase behavior 
across multiple platforms (such as Amazon, Best Buy, or 
eBay ), each of them hosting several bands. Customers 
may engage in costly searches within or across platforms to 
resolve their uncertainty about product prices and match. 
Some customers are loyal to one platform, while others may 
cross-search across platforms. We find that when platform 
loyalty decreases and customers become more willing to 
search across platforms, equilibrium prices fall, and customer 
purchases increase. Interestingly, we show that the impact 
of cross-searching on profits depends on the magnitude of 
search costs; cross-searching negatively impacts profits if the 
search cost is low, but it positively impacts profits if the search 
cost is high. We further examine how platform asymmetries (in 
terms of customer loyalty or brand quality) impact customer 
search, brand pricing, and profits.
4 - Modeling Dynamics in Sequential Search: The 
Effect of Product Recommendation Networks 
on Online Consumer Search and Purchase
Qiang Zhang, Marketing Department, The Chinese 
University of Hong Kong, Shenzhen (CUHK-SZ), 
Shenzhen, China
Yi Zhao
A ubiquitous phenomenon in online commerce is that 
products are often hyperlinked through product-page 
recommendations, constituting a product recommendation 
network. These visible recommendation links could create 
dependence in the consumer search process such that 
searching one product may bring the recommended products 
closer to the consumer. This research proposes a structural 
model of consumer search and purchase in a product 
network allowing the search costs to change with the visible 
recommendations during the search process. In contrast 
with existing models that describe consumer search among 
a list of products, the proposed model describes consumer 
search dynamics inside a product network. We further 
propose a novel Bayesian Markov Chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) 
procedure to estimate the search model, avoiding high-
dimensional integration and producing meaningful estimates 
of individual parameters. We apply the model to customer-
level clickstream and transaction data from a durable category 
in a large e-commerce platform. After properly controlling 
the endogeneity of the recommendation system, we quantify 
the economic value of sponsored recommendation links 
on product detail pages and infer the impact of alternative 
product recommendation strategies on welfare and revenue.
SC04
Virtual Room 04
Retailing and E-Commerce
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Bing Bai
Washington University-St Louis, Saint Louis, MO
1 - Has the COVID-19 Pandemic Made Online 
Shoppers Less Price Sensitive? Evidence from 
Amazon Lighting Deals
Bingyang Fang, Binghamton University, Binghamton, NY
Chang Hee Park, Subimal Chatterjee
We examine how the Covid-19 pandemic, that has severely 
restricted offline shopping, has changed consumers’ online 
shopping behavior in (a) their price sensitivity and (b) their 
reliance on quality cues. Our data covers 4,911 Lightning 
Deals offered by Amazon.com from December 2019 to 
September 2020, where consumers are enticed with deep 
discounts on a limited-stock promotion and have to decide 
quickly (e.g., 50% off in the next 24-hours, 25 left in stock). We 
split the data into a pre-Covid (from Dec.2019 to Feb.2020) 
and Covid (from Jul.2020 to Sep.2020) phase and examine 
how a focal product’s original price and discount offered 
(price features) along with the product ratings and number of 
customer reviews (quality features) affect the deal’s final claim 
percent (% of stock sold when the deal ends) across the two 
periods. We analyze the data using fixed-effect regression 
models and the Gaussian copula method to deal with the 
potential endogeneity of the price and discount rates. Our 
analysis shows the expected positive association of the final 
claim percentage with all four variables. However, we find that 
the advent of Covid significantly weakens the discount-rate 
to claim-percent relationship (showing less sensitivity to price) 
and strengthens the number-of-reviews to claim-percent 
relationship (showing more reliance on peer-generated buzz). 
We discuss the implications of our findings for retailers’ 
promotion management in a post-pandemic future.
2 - Effects of Mobile Adoption on Two-sided 
Online Platforms Performance: A Case of 
Modern Indian Art Auction
Harish Reddy Singi Reddy, Texas Tech University, 
Lubbock, TX
Mayukh Dass, Piyush Kumar
With the digitization of the marketplace, many marketing 
exchanges are now being supported by two-sided online 
platforms. These platforms such as Amazon, eBay, and so 
on provide an efficient and effective place for buyers and 
sellers to exchange goods and services. As these two-sided 
platforms have been in business for decades, they have 
been evolving both in terms of functionality and features in 
coordination with the development of innovative technology. 
In this paper, we examine the effects of mobile bidding 
features on revenue generation and bidder behavior on a 
two-sided online auction platform that sells Modern Indian 
Art. Using bidding data from 2000-2021 on sales of 10,772 
Modern Indian Art items, we explore two research questions: 
(1) how offering mobile bidding feature impact revenue for 
the auction house, and (2) how do mobile bidding change 
bidder behavior in terms of bidding volume, bidding speed, 
and bidding amount, and bidder competition. Results show 
significant effects of mobile technology adoption on platform 
performance and bidder behavior. The paper concludes with 
suggestions for auction house managers on how to adjust 
their product offering to maximize their revenue.
3 - Social Movements, Identity and Gender 
Stereotypes: How did #metoo Affect 
Footwear Consumption?
Clement Bellet, Assistant Professor, Erasmus University 
Rotterdam, Rotterdam, Netherlands
We examine whether and how #MeToo—a preeminent global 
social movement against sexual abuse and harassment—
affected consumer demand for products displaying traditional 
markers of femininity in the footwear market. To do so, 
we analyzed comprehensive high-frequency product-level 
stockout data from a leading global fashion retailer spanning 
5.2 million observations from January 2017 to December 
2018 in 32 OECD countries (covering 89% of the population 
of OECD members). Using a triple-difference strategy over 
time, across countries, and between product attributes, we 
found that #MeToo reduced product-level stockouts along 
two major design dimensions traditionally associated with 
femininity: colors (pink or red shoes) and form (slim shapes 
and heel height emphasizing silhouette and gait). Consistent 
with a demand-side effect, we find no evidence of short-term 
supply-side changes in reaction to #MeToo (e.g., changes in 
product assortments). Local heightened sensitivity to identity 
threat after #MeToo—captured by online searches around 
sexual harassment—is consistent with the documented effect. 
We discuss the results’ implications for firms’ communication 
strategies as they relate to customer identity, as well as for 
our understanding of the role of social movements in shaping 
signaling dynamics in the marketplace.
4 - The Value of Logistic Flexibility in 
Online Retailing
Bing Bai, Washington University in St. Louis, St. Louis, MO
Tat Y Chan, Dennis J Zhang, Fuqiang Zhang
In recent years, improving shipping speed in online retailing 
has faced significant diminishing marginal returns and 
significant cost increases. As a consequence, many online 
retailers have started to explore improving other aspects of 
the shipping experience to attract customers. In this paper, 
we use the introduction of local pick-up stations by Alibaba 
to study the impact of improving logistic flexibility on online 
retailing. We find that the impact of pick-up stations on order 
frequency is 3.1%, which also drives GMV to increase. Though 
past literature focuses on shipping speed in e-commerce 
logistics, we show that the speed effect is not the driving 
factor on the impact of pick-up stations. Instead, the flexibility 
introduced by pick-up stations mediates the sales impact. To 
examine customers’ preferences on e-commerce logistics, we 
develop a choice model to study how logistic flexibility affects 
customers’ purchase decisions. We find that customers value 
two types of logistic flexibility -- the value of time flexibility, 
which offers them the flexibility to receive their packages in 
their most preferred time; and the value of choice flexibility, 
which offers them the flexibility to make pick-up choices 
until the last minute to accommodate time uncertainty. 
We also find that to increase customers’ value of logistic 
flexibility, the platform can reallocate non-pickup orders’ 
delivery time window within districts, which would further 
boost order frequency.
SC05
Virtual Room 05
Platforms II
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Clarice Zhao
University of Toronto, Toronto, Canada
1 - Sharing Bike-sharing and Car-sharing: An 
Empirical Analysis
Yiqi Li, Ross School of Business, University of Michigan 
Ann Arbor, Ann Arbor, MI
Puneet Manchanda, Emanuel Schuster, Martin Spann
Bike-sharing and car-sharing are important components of the 
Sharing Economy. However, it is not clear whether these two 
are complements or substitutes. Using data from a company 
that offers both modes (though under different brands), 
we propose a Nested-Logit structural approach to analyze 
how nearby cars (bikes) affect bike (car) sharing demand at 
the station-level. Besides, we also examine the behavior 
of individuals who use both car-sharing and bike-sharing. 
The results show that more cars (bikes) reduce the bike (car) 
sharing demand nearby, especially for car-sharing. Overall, 
our results suggest that bike-sharing and car-sharing are 
substitutes to each other respect to the number of bookings. 
Our findings are likely to be helpful to sharing economy 
companies, city planners and policymakers.
2 - Exclusive Strategy in Content Platforms: The 
Role of Consumer Preference Distribution
Tengfei Guo, Tianjin University, Tianjin, China
Peng Wang
Exclusive contracts are widely introduced by content 
platforms to prohibit their content providers from dealing 
with other rivals. We develop a game-theoretical model to 
examine both the determinants and the consequences of 
exclusive vs. non-exclusive contracts in platform competition. 
While existing literature on platform competition typically 
assumes uniform consumer preference distribution, our 
analysis highlights the significance of consumer preference 
distributional forms. By relaxing the uniformity assumption, 
we obtain several important findings. First, we show that 
whether exclusive or non-exclusive equilibrium occurs 
depends critically on the shape of consumer preference 
distribution: When consumer preference distribution 
is sufficiently concentrated, exclusivity always arises as 
the equilibrium outcome; while when the distribution is 
sufficiently polarized, the content provider always serve 
both platforms in the equilibrium. More interestingly, when 
the dispersion level of consumer preference distribution is 
intermediate, both exclusivity and non-exclusivity equilibria 
are possible depending on the value of the focal content. 
Second, regarding the value of potentially exclusive content, 
we show that under either exclusive or non-exclusive 
equilibrium, platforms cannot benefit from the high valuation 
of the content. Third, we show that exclusivity may hurt 
both platforms, even for the one who wins the exclusive 
content. Finally, we identify the conditions when the mere 
existence of exclusive contracts increases the user benefits, 
suggesting that banning exclusive contracts may not always 
lead to the most desirable outcome. Our findings enrich the 
understanding of platform competition and provide practical 
insights for both platform owners and policymakers.
3 - A Structural Life Course Model of Dynamic 
Role Selection for a Q & A Platform for 
Pregnancy and Childbirth
Masakazu Ishihara, New York University, New York, NY
Hiroshi Kumakura
The success of Q&A platforms depends largely on how 
quickly users can obtain answers for their questions, which in 
turn depends on the pool of users who can provide answers. 
Often, users in the pool are those who acquired knowledge 
from other users on the platform. Thus, to maintain active 
interactions among users, it is important for Q&A platforms 
to motivate users who acquired knowledge from the 
platform to respond quickly to the questions posted by 
other users. This paper investigates this issue in a popular 
Q&A platform for pregnancy and childbirth in Japan, where 
many users who are pregnant for the first time engage in 
both asking and answering questions as their knowledge 
and experiences evolve over the course of pregnancy. We 
first propose a structural model of two-sided markets where 
users endogenously choose which side to participate based 
on the issues they face and their evolving knowledge set. 
We then collect data for all the questions and answers 
posted on the website between Jan. 2019 and Jul. 2021. 
To evaluate the issues asked by users on the platform, we 
apply the Latent Dirichlet Allocation and classify questions 
into 100 interpretable topics. We find that different issues 
arise at different points during pregnancy. We then estimate 
the proposed model using data from first-time pregnancy 
users. Our finding suggests that users who obtained more 
answers to their past questions are more likely to provide an 
answer in the future. Using the structural estimates, we run a 
counterfactual experiment where we increase the probability 
of matching a question with users who have the knowledge 
to answer by 1% and evaluate its impact on the number of 
answers. We find that on average, the number of answers 
increases by 2.3%, and this impact varies across topics.
4 - The Consumption of Serial Media Products 
and Optimal Release Strategy
Clarice Zhao, University of Toronto, Toronto, ON, Canada
Nitin Mehta, Mengze Shi
This paper studies the impact of a platform’s product release 
strategy on the consumption of serialized media content 
and the ensuing profits. Releasing all the content of a 
series simultaneously or sequentially can lead to distinctive 
consumption patterns and different levels of purchases in the 
long run. We develop a two-stage structural model where 
consumers decide whether to visit the platform in the first 
stage and which books/chapters to purchase in the second 
stage. We estimate the model with data from a leading online 
publishing platform where writers upload their books chapter-
by-chapter over several months. Our estimation results show 
that a slower release speed, while limiting binge consumption 
and henceforth lowering short-term consumption (i.e., the 
binge consumption effect), leads to an increased exploration 
of other books (i.e., the product exploration effect) through 
a combination of two mechanisms - the consumers visit 
the platform more often and the consumers explore other 
books due to the constrained availability of the focal books. 
Our counterfactual analysis explores the performance 
of alternative release strategies including a hybrid of 
simultaneous and sequential releases. The results point to the 
direction that the platform can improve its sales revenue by 
implementing an optimized hybrid release strategy.
SC06
Virtual Room 06
Machine Learning and Personalization I
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Yuyan Wang
Google, Cupertino, CA
1 - Measuring Curiosity Trigger in 
Recommendations: A Deep Learning-
based Curiosity-inducing Strategy in 
Recommender System
Pan Li, New York University, New York, NY
Alexander Tuzhilin
Consumer curiosity is an important topic in the psychology 
and marketing literature that constitutes a crucial factor 
for modeling consumer decisions, and curiosity-trigger 
strategy has shown to be effective across many marketing 
applications. However, it has yet to be adopted in the 
design of recommender systems, due to the complexity of 
recommendation tasks as well as computational reasons. 
In this paper, based on the information gap theory, we 
propose a novel deep learning-based model to measure the 
information gap during the recommendation process and 
quantify the level of curiosity trigger in each recommended 
product. Based on the measured curiosity trigger, we 
subsequently construct a curiosity-aware recommender 
system that adopts the curiosity-inducing strategy. Through 
extensive offline experiments conducted on three different 
applications, we demonstrate that the proposed curiosity-
aware recommender system significantly outperforms 
state-of-the-art recommendation baselines, illustrating the 
importance of curiosity-trigger strategy in recommendations. 
Furthermore, we conduct a large-scale online controlled 
experiment at Alibaba, where our proposed model 
outperforms the latest product system in the company by 
25% in terms of multiple business metrics. We find out that 
it is most effective to incorporate a medium level of curiosity 
trigger in recommendations to create enough knowledge gap 
for consumers to stimulate their curiosity, without pushing 
them into the realm of receiving irrelevant recommendations. 
In addition, treatment effects are heterogeneous among 
different groups of consumers and it is important to model 
personalized consumer preferences when adopting the 
curiosity trigger strategy. Our proposed model is highly 
flexible and scalable in its practical use across various 
recommendation scenarios. Due to the significant economic 
impact demonstrated in this paper, our presented model has 
been deployed at Alibaba serving the short-video streaming 
application since February 2020.
2 - Toward a More Data-driven Product Design: 
An Integrated Machine Learning Approach
Zijing Hu, Texas A&M University, College Station, TX
Venkatesh Shankar
To attract new customers and retain old customers, firms 
need to make key product design decisions about which 
features to include in the goods and services they offer to 
customers. As products are becoming increasingly complex, 
firms face challenges in deciding which product features to 
include or/and improve using readily available structured 
and unstructured data. To assist managers in making these 
decisions, we address the following research questions: (1) 
How can we extract the different dimensions of consumer 
preferences and product features from structured and 
unstructured data on consumer evaluation of product 
purchases? and (2) What product features contribute most to 
market share? We propose an integrative machine learning 
approach that uses data on product ratings and reviews. 
We use neural collaborative filtering, bidirectional encoder 
representations from transformers, and convolutional neural 
network to extract the latent factors and consumer attention 
links from product ratings and reviews at Amazon. We 
then link the latent factors to purchase through a market 
response model. These interpretable factors and the results 
from the market response model combine to provide a 
deeper understanding of the relationships between product 
features and market share. Our research contributes to the 
literature in important ways. First, we extend the research on 
product design, collaborative filtering, deep learning, and 
natural language processing by developing an integrative 
analysis of structured and unstructured data. Second, our 
approach helps managers develop better product designs 
by identifying the salient product features. Third, we offer a 
scalable and readily implementable data-driven approach to 
product design based on easily accessible data.
3 - Real-Time Personalization
Hong Deng, Erasmus University Rotterdam, Rotterdam, 
Netherlands
Bas Donkers, Dennis Fok
Real-time personalization engines enable effective 
customization in e-commerce. Yet, the development of such 
engines is not trivial. It remains challenging to optimize across 
many options, especially while utilizing context information 
in real time. To meet these challenges, we aim to provide an 
easy-to-implement personalization engine to support online 
retailers and marketers in making fast adaptive decisions. We 
formalize the personalization problem under the multi-armed 
bandit framework, and propose a new contextual bandit 
algorithm based on the particle-filtering technique. Our 
method allows firms to flexibly introduce new personalized 
options, calibrate their impact using prior knowledge from 
historical data and rapidly update these prior beliefs as 
new observations arrive. With an application to news-article 
recommendation, we show that the proposed method 
achieves a Click-Through-Rate (CTR) of 5.23%, outperforming 
the state-of-the-art methods like UCB-1 and LinUCB that 
achieve a CTR of 4.53% and 4.82%, respectively.
4 - Recommending for a Multi-sided 
Marketplace with Heterogeneous and 
Hierarchical Contents
Yuyan Wang, Google Brain, Mountain View, CA
Long Tao, Xian Xing Zhang
Many personalization platforms today are a multi-sided 
marketplace consisting of consumers, merchants and other 
partners, with the contents being heterogeneous and even 
hierarchical. For a recommender system to be successful in 
these contexts, it faces two main challenges as described 
below. First, each side in the marketplace has different 
and potentially conflicting utilities. Recommending for a 
multi-sided marketplace therefore entails jointly optimizing 
multiple conflicting objectives. Second, the off-the-shelf 
recommendation algorithms are not applicable to the 
heterogeneous and hierarchical content space, where 
a recommendation item could be an aggregation of 
other recommendation items. In this work, we develop a 
general framework for recommender systems in a multi-
sided marketplace with heterogeneous and hierarchical 
contents. We combine machine learning with multi-
objective optimization for the multi-sided marketplace, and 
incorporate structural modeling for user scrolling patterns 
for the heterogeneous and hierarchical contents. Our 
proposed structural modeling approach ensures consistent 
user experience across different levels of aggregation 
of the contents, and provides levels of transparency to 
the merchants and content creators. We further provide 
theoretical insights on the Pareto frontier among multiple 
objectives under our framework, and develop an efficient 
optimization solution for ranking and recommendation in 
large-scale online systems in real time. We implement the 
framework at Uber Eats, the personalized food delivery 
service by Uber and one of the largest food delivery platforms 
in the world, which is a three-sided marketplace consisting 
of eaters, restaurant partners and delivery partners. Online 
experiments demonstrate a significant increase in user 
conversion (+1.5%), retention (+0.7%) and gross bookings 
(+0.5%), which combined translate to $2.4M weekly gain in 
gross bookings. Our work has been deployed globally as the 
recommendation algorithm for Uber Eats homepage.
SC07
Virtual Room 07
Digital Marketing and Commerce
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Weiqing Zhang
New York University
1 - Online Review Helpfulness: Findings from 
Sentiment Analysis
Rae Yule Kim, Montclair State University, Monclair, NJ
Positive online reviews are crucial for sales, but not all online 
reviews matter. We examined what makes online reviews 
influential (helpful) by text mining smartphone reviews on 
Amazon.com. We derived some important managerial 
recommendations based on the findings. Although text 
mining methods are still maturing, recent advancements 
in lexicon and improved classification accuracy have made 
text mining a relatively approachable method to examine 
customer review data. National Research Council, Canada 
launched an open-source lexicon that classifies words into 
not only binary sentiments but also into eight basic emotions, 
such as anger, trust, and joy. This opens new opportunities to 
explore text data to derive insights on contextual factors that 
influence online review helpfulness. We examined the effect 
of each emotional valence on online review helpfulness.
We utilize smartphone online review data on Amazon.
com. The dataset contains in total of 413,841 online reviews 
on various smartphone products from multiple brands, 
which were sold on Amazon.com as of January 1st, 2017. 
There are several benefits to narrowing down the scope 
to online reviews for the same product segment and to 
using smartphone reviews for this study. Smartphones are a 
ubiquitous and search product, and subsequently, consumers 
are likely to have comparable knowledge about the product 
and seek similar information to assess.Online review length 
improves online review helpfulness, however, sentiment 
polarity moderates the effect. Consumers were more likely to 
find long, elaborate reviews about ‘unsentimental’ product 
information helpful. Interestingly, sentiment polarity was 
effective to increase online review helpfulness, only when 
the sentiment was negative. Positive sentiment polarity was 
not a significant predictor for online review helpfulness, 
indicating that consumers might be wary of extremely positive 
reviews due to increasingly deceitful review practices. Among 
positive emotional valences, trust was the only valence that 
significantly improved the online review helpfulness.
2 - Profits and Positivity with Body Neutrality: 
Analyzing the Impact of Fashion Brands’ Use 
of Non-skinny Models on Consumer Choice
Chen (Chelsea) Cao, Hong Kong University of Science and 
Technology, Kowloon, Hong Kong
Zijun (June) Shi, Shunyuan Zhang
Recently, body neutrality, a social movement that embraces 
equality and acceptance for all bodies, has been increasingly 
gaining traction among public. Fashion brands including 
Nike and Lululemon have started to use plus-size models 
in their marketing and promotion, opposite to the field’s 
long history of preferring skinny/underweight models. Yet, 
the impact of practicing size-inclusive on consumer choice 
and on brand’s economics remains an empirically open 
question. This research aims to fill the gap by analyzing a 
unique longitudinal dataset consisting of customers searches 
and purchases on a leading e-commerce platform in Asia. 
From the displayed images of over 100,000 fashion products, 
we employ a self-correlation human parsing deep learning 
model to predict the model’s body size (operationalized as 
the Body Mass Index—BMI). We also control for a rich set 
of clothes attributes and characteristics of the model that 
we extract from the display images. Exploiting the variation 
in the BMIs of models, we examine how using a plus-size 
and normal-size model, compared to using a skinny model, 
impacts sales of the focal product and of the parent brand. 
We further examine the consequences in customers’ search 
and future purchases, after a customer was exposed to or 
purchased a product using a plus-size (normal-size) model. 
The after-sales analyses reveal interesting patterns with regard 
to consumer purchasing and searching across product sizes, 
brands, and categories. We discuss the managerial and policy 
implications of our findings.
3 - Improving Web Brokerage Model - Building 
Online Communities for Daily Deal Websites
Yiyuan Ava Liu, Otterbein University, Westerville, OH
Wanxi Li
Coupon-promotion based online brokerage model is 
applied by daily deal websites. Groupon.com, slickdeals.
net, dealmoon.com and hundreds of deals sharing websites 
have gained great popularity since Andrew Mason introduced 
the deal-of-the-day concept in 2008. Deal information 
includes brands, retailers, base prices, deal savings and 
deal descriptions such as product and service features, 
exclusive coupons, and deal ending time. Attracting bargain-
hunting customers via price discounts and time-sensitive 
availability, some deal websites have gained tremendous 
and stable traffic and shared revenue, while other websites 
that fail to attract repeated visits disappear gradually in this 
oversaturated online space. In the current study, we are 
presenting three sets of empirical studies, in order to, 1) 
explain the impact of deal sharing website types and designs 
on brokerage model and referral marketing performances, 2) 
analyze deal sharing websites and community management 
in two language text contexts and conclude factors that 
help engage visitors and shape the positive sentiment 
through social media or deal sharing communities. We also 
find significant drivers of user engagement by creating deal 
sharing community and social media integration, as well as 
user-generated content (UGC).
4 - Success and Survival in Livestream Shopping
Weiqing Zhang, New York University, New York, NY
Zekun Liu, Xiao Liu, Eitan Muller, Feiyu Xiong
The livestream shopping industry, in which consumers 
can purchase products directly from live video sessions, is 
expected to exceed $60 billion in China in 2021 and $25 
billion in the US in 2023. Despite the popularity of livestream 
shopping, many sellers fail within just a few weeks. We 
investigate the lead indicators of the success and survival 
of livestream shopping sellers. We ask three questions: 1. 
Livestream viewers can make purchases directly within the 
session (the direct selling effect) or can use the session 
to gain information that may inform purchases later on 
(the advertising effect). Which of the two effects is more 
important for a seller’s success? 2. Livestream shopping 
encompasses three industries: e-commerce, social networks, 
and entertainment. Which industry-specific key performance 
indicators (KPIs) predict success? 3. Some sellers use 
livestream shopping for new product introduction while 
others use it for mature product inventory liquidation. Which 
type of seller is more likely to survive? We use a unique 
dataset from Taobao Live to show that: 1. Sellers who rely 
more heavily on the direct selling effect (vs. the advertising 
effect) are less likely to succeed. 2. The e-commerce KPI 
positively predict success, while the entertainment KPI 
negatively predicts success. For the social network KPIs, reach 
positively predict success, but engagement rate negatively 
predict success, reinforcing the advertising effect of 
livestream shopping. 3. Mature product sellers are more likely 
to succeed than new product sellers.
SC08
Virtual Room 08
ISMS Doctoral Awards
Awards Sessions
Chair: Jiwoong Shin
Yale School of Mangement, New Haven, CT, 
06511-8978, 
1 - This Session is a Continuation from SB08
Jiwoong Shin, Yale School of Mangement, New Haven, CT
This session is a continuation of SB08 if time is needed for 
presentations and discussion.
SC09
Virtual Room 09
Advertising I
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Michelle Song
Stanford Graduate School of Business, Stanford, CA
1 - Advertising and Privacy in 
Differentiated Markets
Ruizhi Zhu, University of Toronto, Toronto, ON, Canada
Sridhar Moorthy, Xianwen Shi
Firms often advertise their products through third-party 
platforms such as Facebook and Google. Consumer privacy 
regulation affects what information a platform can collect from 
consumers and what information it can share with potential 
advertisers for targeting purposes. In turn, those constraints 
may affect advertising prices, product prices, and whether 
consumers are exposed to relevant ads or irrelevant ads. We 
develop a model to examine the equilibrium implications 
of privacy regulation on consumer welfare focusing purely 
on its utilitarian aspects. Specifically, we are interested in 
asking whether all consumers will have the same stance 
toward privacy regulations or whether some would prefer 
stricter privacy rules while others prefer looser privacy rules. 
Our analysis focuses on the two extremes privacy regulation 
can take: no privacy and full privacy. Under the former, the 
platform observes consumer preferences and allows firms to 
target ads based on those preferences; under the latter, ad 
targeting is not possible.
We show that if consumers are horizontally differentiated, 
then the welfare impact of privacy regulation depends on 
whether the platform is paid on a cost per click (CPC) basis 
or a cost per impression (CPM) basis. Under CPM, mass-
market consumers prefer full privacy, niche consumers prefer 
no privacy, and the platform itself prefers no privacy. Under 
CPC, however, all parties—mass-market consumers, niche 
consumers and the platform—are indifferent between the 
two privacy modes. Given the choice, the platform would 
prefer to price ads on a CPC basis in both privacy modes. The 
results can be extended to more general privacy modes and 
an non-monotone relationship between expected payoffs and 
privacy level is found for both consumers and the platform. 
If consumers are vertically differentiated and both high- and 
low-value consumers are served, then all ads will be clicked 
and the two payment schemes are identical. High-value 
consumers prefer full privacy, low-value consumers prefer no 
privacy, and the platform prefers no privacy.
2 - Optimal Advertising Policy to Maximize 
Conversion, Loyalty, and Revenue
Saman Modiri, Syracuse University, Syracuse, NY
Liangbin Yang, Amiya K Basu
To find the optimal advertising budget and strategy, 
companies need to define and reliably measure customer 
response. This is complicated because customer response 
can be multi-faceted, incorporating such different elements 
as conversion, purchase frequency, monetary value, and 
individual heterogeneity. Additionally, companies need to not 
only consider the short-term implications of their campaigns, 
but also the long-term ones.
In this research, following insight from the stochastic models 
of buyer behavior, we develop a framework to define key 
performance indicators such as conversion, loyalty, and 
revenue at both individual and population levels. We connect 
these parameters to the firms’ advertising activities using a 
time-variant DID framework. Using this framework allows us to 
capture the short-term and long-term advertising effects while 
accounting for individual heterogeneity. Merging a consumer 
and retail panel with advertisement data, we analyze more 
than 1K instances of advertisement campaigns for 5 different 
brands over the span of 12 years. Our results have important 
implications for advertisers and equip them with a mechanism 
to better optimize their ad campaigns. Using counterfactual 
analysis and contrasting our model with benchmarks, we show 
that our model provides new insight into customer response. 
We discuss the heterogeneous effect of ad campaigns on 
different response metrics and show this heterogeneity to be 
robust and significant, thus highlighting the need to take into 
account multiple metrics when optimizing an ad campaign.
3 - Advertising and Consumer Selection
Zhibao Li, Tianjin University of Technology, Tianjin, China
Yunchuan Liu
Extant literature usually focus attention on how consumers 
select product among multiple firms. We investigate 
how a firm selects among consumers for subsequent 
encouragement programs. We find consumers may self-signal 
to the firm and the firm should adjust accordingly.
4 - Information Disclosure in Markets: An 
Empirical Analysis of a Search Advertising 
Market with Heterogeneous Advertisers
Michelle Song, Stanford Graduate School of Business, 
Stanford, CA
Bidding in search advertising is commonplace today. 
However, determining a bid can be challenging in light 
of the complexity of the auction process. By designing 
the mechanism and aggregating the information of many 
bidders, the advertiser platform can assist less sophisticated 
advertisers. We analyze data from a platform that initiated a 
bid recommendation system and find that some advertisers 
may simply adopt the platform’s suggestion instead of 
constructing their own bids. We discover that these less 
sophisticated advertisers were lower-rated and uncertain 
about ad effectiveness before the platform began offering 
information through the recommended bids. We characterize 
an equilibrium model of bidding in the Generalized Second 
Price (GSP) auction and show that following the platform’s 
bid suggestion is theoretically sub-optimal. We then identify 
sophisticated and less sophisticated advertisers’ private 
values using observed bids and the disclosed information. 
Counterfactual results suggest that the ad platform can 
increase revenue and the total surplus when it shares more 
information. Furthermore, the hybrid of auto-bidding with 
manual bidding could be a more efficient mechanism as we 
substitute less sophisticated bidding behavior for algorithmic 
bidding. These results shed light on the importance of 
exploring interactions between sophisticated and less 
sophisticated players when designing a market.
SC10
Virtual Room 10
Marketing, Finance, and Industry
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Cheng He
University of Wisconsin, Madison, WI
1 - Impact of Unexpected Outcome in Election on 
Consumer Variety Seeking Behaviors
Hamzeh Rayej, Concordia University, Montreal, 
QC, Canada
SunAh Kim, Ohjin Kwon
Studies in psychology and neuroscience have documented 
that unexpected outcomes along with prediction error (e.g., 
unexpected political outcomes) can affect exploratory and 
risk-taking behavior. It also suggests that the unexpectedness 
of an event can amplify the mood. We empirically study 
whether and how an unexpected outcome could shift 
consumer choice behavior using a political event as a context. 
Using the Nielsen Homescan panel dataset and employing 
a difference-in-difference quasi-experimental method, we 
examine the impact of Donald Trump’s surprising win in 
the 2016 U.S. presidential election on households’ brand 
variety-seeking and new brand adoptions. Consistent with 
prediction error literature, the unexpected outcomes of the 
election significantly influence household choice behavior, 
and political ideology moderates this relationship. Our 
empirical results show that Trump’s unexpected win increased 
variety seeking and new brand adoptions by conservative 
households than liberals. We rule out alternative mechanisms 
that these findings are driven by price promotion and change 
in the category expenditure. We check the robustness of 
our results using various assumptions including falsification 
tests. We discuss the implications of this research for 
retailers and brand managers.
2 - Bike-sharing Patterns and Utilization Factors: 
Empirical Study Based in San Francisco
Sungha Jang, San Francisco State University, San 
Francisco, CA
Ian Sinapuelas
Bike-sharing is an environment-friendly, affordable, and 
accessible public transportation mode. Its popularity and 
contribution to public transportation traffic are growing in 
many cities. For example, bike-sharing in the San Francisco 
area accounts for 2% of total public transportation traffic. 
However, there is no systematic and integrated research 
on bike-sharing patterns, utilization factors, and optimal 
marketing strategies. We analyze bike-sharing data in San 
Francisco to understand the level of bike-sharing utilization 
in terms of the number of bike trips, bike trip duration, and 
estimated revenues. We examine the effects of various 
factors, including unique station characteristics, supply 
factors, the organization’s marketing factors, geographic 
factors, and, most importantly, the number of public 
transportation mode stops within a distance. Our main 
findings are that bike-sharing is a substitute for other public 
transportation modes when bike stations are available within a 
close distance and a complement to them when bike stations 
are farther. Other important utilization factors include the 
number of bike docks, pilot stations, geographic peculiarities 
such as proximity to tourist sites, uneven topography, and 
areas with higher retail activities. This research contributes 
to expanding our understanding of a new growing public 
transportation mode by specifically demonstrating the effects 
of the various factors. Based on our findings, managers can 
develop optimal distribution strategies.
3 - Fair Lending in Vehicle Financing: The Impact 
of CFPB’s Intervention on Dealer Markups and 
Race Discrimination
Cheng He, University of Wisconsin, Madison, Madison, WI
O. Cem Ozturk, Pradeep Chintagunta
The opaqueness of the dealer markup practice coupled with 
a regulatory vacuum has resulted in growing concerns about 
unfair lending, especially for vulnerable consumers that 
have less knowledge on the auto loan market or fewer credit 
options (e.g., minorities or women). The guidance established 
that the CFPB can hold indirect auto lenders accountable 
for illegal discriminatory markups by car dealers. Thus, it 
also encouraged lenders to revise their dealer monitoring 
and compensation practices to remove dealer discretion to 
markup buy rates and ensure the compensation mechanism 
does not result in discrimination. We collect a detailed and 
unique transaction-level data set between 2012 and 2015 
covering three events associated with the CFPB’s intervention: 
1) the release of its bulletin in March 2013, 2) the Bureau’s 
order to Ally to pay for consumer harm in December 2013. 
We exploit quasi-experimental techniques to examine the 
impacts of these events on dealer markup decisions. We find 
that, on average, dealers reduce the markups by 2.5 basis 
points (bps) in response to the CFPB’s release of the guidance 
bulletin. Our results also indicate that the enforcement of 
the bulletin Bureau further amplified this effect, resulting in 
a decline of 15.2 bps following the enforcement relative to 
the pre-bulletin period. However, our analyses show that the 
intervention significantly increased the price premium gap 
between buyers from African American census tracts and 
non-African American census tracts. We provide empirical 
evidence to explain this counterproductive result.
SC12
Virtual Room 12
Multi-channels III
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Mingxi Yang
University of South Florida, Tampa, FL
1 - Does the Label Fit the Channel? The Effect of 
Shopping Online Versus In-store on Green and 
Ethical Purchases
Emelie Fröberg, Stockholm School of Economics, 
Stockholm, Sweden
Sara Rosengren
Our research investigates the impact of the shopping channel 
on purchases of sustainable products. Drawing on the 
concept of goal congruence, we suggest that the shopping 
goals of consumers using different channels have varying 
degrees of congruence with the benefits offered by products 
with two different types of sustainability labels. Specifically, 
we argue that online shopping is more congruent with the 
benefits offered by utilitarian products with green labels, 
whereas in-store shopping fits better with the benefits of 
hedonic products with ethical labels. To overcome the gap 
between intention/attitude and behavior in the sustainability 
context, we rely on actual consumer purchases. We first 
conduct two studies, leveraging real-world grocery retailer 
datasets covering 400,000 purchases, which support the 
hypotheses based on our conceptual framework using (a) a 
quasi-experimental approach to study between-consumer 
effects and (b) analysis of a separate dataset to examine 
within-consumer effects. Moreover, in detailed exploratory 
analyses of within-consumer effects, we find that (a) the more 
utilitarian the shopping motivation and (b) the more utilitarian 
(or hedonic) benefits of the product category, the stronger 
effects. We also show that the choice of a product with or 
without a sustainability label depends on the shopping 
channel; goal congruence is key. Finally, we conduct a third 
study, leveraging a real-world beauty retailer dataset covering 
almost 480,000 purchases to test within-consumer effects 
based on hedonic shopping motivations. Again, the findings 
suggest that marketers who want to foster sustainable 
consumption will benefit from adapting their strategies to 
different shopping channels and sustainability labels.
2 - How Retailers Change Ordering Strategies 
when Suppliers Go Direct
Femke Gryseels, KU Leuven, Antwerpen, Belgium
Els Breugelmans, Kathleen Cleeren, Michiel Van 
Crombrugge
This study empirically investigates whether a supplier’s 
decision to start selling directly to end-consumers provokes a 
reaction in terms of the ordering strategy of the downstream 
channel partners, i.e., the independent multi-brand retailers. 
We decompose (i) the aggregate metric of order value (in €) 
into changes in (ii) the number of distinct SKUs ordered, (iii) 
the quantity ordered per SKU, and (iv) the average wholesale 
price per unit. Next, we explore cross-retailer differences, 
investigating how responses vary depending on a retailer’s 
power position and its exchange relationship with the 
supplier. We use data from a natural experiment, where a toy 
supplier historically operated through independent retailers 
only, but then decided to supplement these with its own 
direct-to-consumer webshop in the UK and France only. Using 
a difference-in-differences model on B2B order data, we first 
investigate the impact of the direct channel entry in the two 
focal countries and compare it to a control country where the 
direct channel was not introduced during the observation 
window (Spain). To explore the cross-retailer variation, 
we additionally collected survey data on the retailers’ 
relationship with the supplier before the channel introduction 
and investigate how the direct channel effect varies across 
retailers. Results show an overall decrease in the assortment 
and an increase in the wholesale price, suggesting that, on 
average, retailers are more likely to respond to the direct 
channel addition by exiting from the exchange. Furthermore, 
results on cross-retailer differences indicate that changes in 
retailer ordering strategy are moderated by both the retailer’s 
power position and exchange relationship.
3 - How Well does your Movie Competes with 
Piracy? Modeling and Minimizing Piracy Loss
Mingxi Yang, University of South Florida, Tampa, FL
Brianna Paulich
Digital piracy is responsible for a loss of at least $29.2 billion 
each year, giving the public more chances to pirate. This 
study explores the negative financial impact of digital piracy 
on films, incorporating competing distribution channels (box 
office and video-on-demand rental sales). This study proposes 
a financial loss function in the context of digital piracy 
competing with multiple legal distribution channels, adding a 
new approach of modeling the potential financial loss due to 
piracy to existing literature. Furthermore, this is one of the first 
to address the issue of minimizing the piracy loss function in 
an empirical setting. The loss function model is applicable to 
movies with traditional ways of being released (i.e., theatrical 
release first), but also to movies that are released only online, 
and movies released in both theaters and online at the 
same time. We posit that movies that are released first in the 
theaters (theatrical release first) will have less loss to piracy 
than movies that are released simultaneously (simultaneous 
release) in theaters and online. Simultaneous-released movies 
will have less loss to piracy than movies that are released only 
online (online release only), especially in the first weeks upon 
release. This phenomenon of relatively less loss for theatrical-
release-first and simultaneous-released movies diminishes 
as time progresses. The majority of the total piracy loss of 
movies occurs in the first three to four months after their first 
release. Moreover, movies that are deemed family-friendly, 
such as kids’ fiction movies, are expected to have a higher 
piracy loss in the winter season than the other seasons. This 
research provides managerial implications for studios with 
various distribution strategies.
SC14
Virtual Room 14
Volumetric Choice Experiments (VCEs)
Special Sessions
Chair: Jordan Louviere
University of South Australia, Adelaide, Australia
Co-Chair: Richard Carson
PhD, University of California, San Diego, University of 
California, San Diego, CA
1 - Application of Volumetric Choice Experiments 
in a Marketing Context
Towhidul Islam, PhD, University of Guelph, Canada, 
Guelph, ON, Canada
Richard Carson, Thomas Eagle, Jordan Louviere
Volumetric Choice Experiments (VCEs) are designed to 
capture purchase quantities and can be seen as an extension 
of Discrete Choice Experiments (DCEs) where individuals 
decide how many units of a specific good or service to buy/
use rather than deciding whether to buy/use it or not. VCE’s 
produce data in the form of integer counts rather than 
the binary or multinomial discrete choices. VCE presents 
new opportunities to study a range of behavior of interest 
to marketers and interesting challenges in implementing 
them. Like DCEs, VCEs have different components ranging 
from experimental design to modelling. Our focus here 
is on laying out the overall process of implementation 
rather than detailed analysis of specific components. Our 
empirical examples come from large-scale VCEs embedded 
in surveys administered to samples drawn from Information 
Resources, Inc. (IRI) consumer panel: canned tuna and 
single serve-coffee K-pods. The response takes the form of 
planned purchase counts, possibly zero. Our VCE designs 
allows for statistical identification of own- (brand by size) and 
cross-price elasticities, plus the effects of other attributes 
and demographics and their interactions with prices. Our 
planned purchase counts are fit using a negative binomial 
regression with a multilevel mixed-effects specification. We 
examine the external validity of our approach by comparing 
our estimates to those derived using actual canned tuna data 
purchases from the same IRI panelists. We concluded by 
suggesting general classes of behavior VCEs might be useful 
in predicting and discuss some unresolved research issues.
2 - Enhancing Customer Facing Business 
Recovery: Via the Choice of COVID-19 
Transmission Reduction Measures
Richard Carson, Professor, University of California, San 
Diego, La Jolla, CA
Kevin Clark, Jordan Louviere, Sam Mayfield
We examine how the set of COVID-19 transmission reduction 
measures adopted influences the number of planned visits 
to 12 categories of businesses from three broad groups, 
personal services, restaurants and bars, and retail. The 
measures examined involve requiring face masks, vaccinating 
employees, requiring customers to be vaccinated, capacity 
limits, third-party health/safety certification, visible cleanliness 
measures, and reduced contact service. The study uses a 
volumetric choice approach implemented using four large 
survey waves of Washington State residents which allow 
examination of the influence of these measures change over 
time. The statistical model fit to the data is a random effects 
negative binomial count data model. In addition to the set 
of COVID-19 transmission reduction measures, including 
status quo none, deployed, and a randomly-assigned price 
level change, the predictor variables include the individual’s 
self-report similar pre-COVID visits, and the respondent’s 
vaccination status and a set of demographic variables. The 
uniformly strongest positive effect across all 12 business 
categories we consider ranging from big national retailers to 
hair salons was for requiring face masks of all. Comparison 
to a price level change provides a common metric by 
which to judge effect sizes. Older people, women, and the 
vaccinated are less likely to make planned trips relative to 
previous behavior suggesting greater risk aversion and the 
key target for restoring past-levels of economic activity. The 
temporal patterns suggest stable preferences, controlling 
for the upwardly trending vaccination status. Wave 4 (first 
half of December) predict a sharp drop in planned trips, 
subsequently observed and in contrast to the steady increases 
seen in previous waves.
3 - A Volumetric Choice Experiment Approach 
to Estimating the Elasticities of Demand for 
Cigarettes and Waterpipe Tobacco in Three 
Eastern Mediterranean Countries
Ali Chalak, American University of Beirut, Beirut, Lebanon
Ramzi G Salloum, Rima Nakkash, Niveen M Abu-Rmeileh, 
Yousef Khader, Mohammed Jawad, Aya Mostafa, Ruba 
Abla, Jordan Louviere
Stated preference (SP) methods can be useful in 
understanding consumers’ demand for products that have 
adverse health impacts and yet for which there is little market 
and economics evidence. They can fill such knowledge 
gaps and contribute rich insights to the formulation of 
evidence-based fiscal policies aimed at harm reduction. Yet 
the standard discrete choice experiment (DCE) format can 
be restrictive in situations where more than one product 
and multiple units can be purchased. In this study, we 
employ instead a volumetric choice experiment (VCE) to 
accommodate these features in the demand for cigarettes 
and waterpipe tobacco products, and estimate own- and 
cross-price elasticities for them in Lebanon (n=1680), Jordan 
(n=1925) and Palestine (n=1679). We conducted nationally-
representative household surveys to elicit respondents’ 
stated purchases of eight cigarette and waterpipe tobacco 
product varieties by hypothetically varying prices. Data were 
analyzed using zero-inflated Poisson models. We found the 
demand for premium cigarettes to be price elastic (range, 
-1.0 - -1.2) across all three countries, whereas the demand for 
discount cigarettes was less elastic than premium cigarettes in 
Lebanon (-0.6) and Jordan (-0.7) and more elastic in Palestine 
(-1.2). The demand for premium waterpipe tobacco was 
highly elastic in Lebanon (-1.9), moderately elastic in Jordan 
(-0.6), and inelastic in Palestine (0.2). The cross-price elasticity 
between cigarettes and waterpipe tobacco was near zero, 
suggesting the two products are not close substitutes. These 
VCE estimates serve as a strong evidence base for developing 
and implementing fiscal policies for tobacco control in the 
Eastern Mediterranean region.
Saturday, 12:45pm–1:45pm
POSTERS
Gathertown
Poster Session
Poster Session
1 - Ratioing and Credibility; The Effect of 
Like to Comment Ratio on Perceived 
Credibility of Tweets
Behzad Rezaee, University of Lausanne, Lausanne, 
Switzerland
Tobias Schlager, Markus A Christen
We are living at the apex of the communication era where 
people can easily share their news, experiences, and thoughts 
on social media which has created a lot of opportunities for 
us. However, wherever there is an opportunity, we will see 
opportunism as well. One of the current issues on social 
media is fake content and how to deal with them. In this 
article, we will show that cues such as the number of likes 
and comments of a tweet can play a significant role in its 
perceived credibility. More specifically and with analyzing 
both field and experimental data, we will demonstrate that 
the more like to comment ratio a post has, the more it is 
perceived as credible. We will also show that this perceived 
credibility comes from the channel of consensus cue which 
could be moderated by the susceptibility to the social 
influence of the user, their motivation, and their cognitive 
load. Moreover, as the boundary condition, we will show 
that only ratio matters for the perceived credibility and 
the order of magnitude of numbers don’t play a role in 
our conceptual model.
Keywords: Ratioing, Credibility, Twitter
2 - A Conceptual Model of Sponsorship 
Signaling Processes
Hsin-Chen Lin, Associate Professor, University of New 
Brunswick, Fredericton, NB, Canada
Patrick Bruning
The sponsorship literature has applied signaling theory to 
explain how organizations communicate with consumers 
and other stakeholders with incomplete information about 
brands, products, and services. Yet, these applications do 
not adequately outline an organized typology of sponsorship 
signals or apply these concepts according to the broader 
processes outlined in signaling theory. This research specifies 
these processes, as well as the implications of different 
signals and signal characteristics. A typology and framework 
of sponsorship signaling processes is proposed to account 
for the types of signals sent, signal characteristics, signal 
reception, market responses, and signal feedback. The 
conceptual analysis revealed a sponsorship signaling process 
comprised of (1) a typology of presence, quality, and intention 
signals that convey diagnostic or symbolic information; 
(2) signal receptions that differ in valance and magnitude; 
(3) signal characteristics of observability, commitment, 
and credibility; (4) market responses; as well as (5) equity, 
emergent, and viability signaling feedback mechanisms. 
This paper provides a typology of sponsorship signals as 
part of a dynamic sponsorship signaling process. The paper 
also specified important aspects of the signaling process 
that remain underdeveloped, including sponsorship signal 
reception, the moderating role signal characteristics have 
in signal reception, and signaling feedback. The typology 
and framework should help organize future research on 
sponsorship signaling as guided by the proposed research 
agenda, and the model can be used by organizations 
according to the managerial guidelines offered herein.
3- The Influence of Product Presentation Format 
on Consumers’ Product Perception in Online 
Environments
Soonho Kwon, Waseda University, Tokyo, Japan
Takanori Suda, Takuya Nomura
In this study, we clarify that a product presentation 
format in online retail affects both consumers’ product 
perception(product size and weight)and flavor 
perception(richness). In online environments, a product image 
presentation format is of two types: front angle and front-
side angle format. Front-side angle product images depict 
the most canonical view of a product and attract more visual 
attention than front angle product images. In addition, the 
elements that attract more visual attention (e.g., saturation) 
have a positive effect on the perceived size of products. Thus, 
the canonical product image presentation format (front-side 
angle) is expected to be perceived as larger than the front 
angle format because it is more likely to attract consumers’ 
attention. Further, the perceived size of a product influences 
weight estimation because of weight perception bias, in 
which larger objects are perceived as heavier. Therefore, the 
front-side angle presentation format that determines the 
perceived size of a product will also positively influence its 
perceived weight. Moreover, since weight perception affects 
taste evaluation, such as richness, the weight enhanced by 
the front-side angle product image is expected to enhance 
the perception of richness. We conducted an online survey of 
186 participants, under two conditions (product presentation 
formats: front angle vs. front-side angle) single-factor 
randomized between-subjects design. Participants who 
viewed the product from the front-side angle perceived an 
increased product size than those who viewed it from the 
front angle. We then conducted a serial mediation analysis 
to confirm whether perceived product size mediates the 
perceived product size and weight to density. We examined 
confidence intervals (CIs) using 5,000 bootstraps to confirm 
the indirect effect. The results showed a significant serial 
indirect effect. The findings of our study show that the visual 
information of product size influences tactile information 
(weight perception), which in turn influences gustatory 
information (richness perception).
4 - Harmony Perception Backfire; The Effect 
of Product Display Based on Hue Color 
Combination
Hisashi Kawamata, Waseda University, Tokyo, Japan
The importance of color research in the area of consumer 
behavior has increased in recent years. Existing literature 
focuses on the effect of two-color combinations (analogous 
hue combinations—small hue differences between adjacent 
colors; and complementary hue combinations—which large 
hue differences between adjacent colors) on brand logo 
(Jeon et al., 2020), and the relationship between product 
and background (Huang et al., 2020). Few studies focus 
on the effects of three or more colors. In practice, many 
products, such as cushions, curtains, and shoes, are displayed 
in stores in a wide variety of colors. This paper investigates 
which product display based on color combination using 
24 colors creates consumer satisfaction, as well as how the 
relationship between product display and choice satisfaction 
mediates harmony perception. Existing studies show that 
analogous hue combinations are preferred because of 
perceived visual harmony and consumers generally prefer 
harmony to disharmony (Bell et al., 1991). Thus, product 
displays that use analogous hue color combination lead 
consumer satisfaction. However, the small hue difference in 
analogous color combination displays of adjacent products 
makes it difficult for consumers to distinguish the hue color 
difference between these products. Small differences among 
the alternatives provided less choice satisfaction (Dhar, 1997). 
When consumers choose products from analogous color 
combination product displays, consumer satisfaction is less 
than when they choose products from complementary color 
combinations. We conducted several studies based on the 
above hypothesis and confirmed that product display based 
on analogous hue color combination increased harmony 
perception. However, the consumer tended to be less 
satisfied with the analogous color combination in the product 
choice condition; the effect is magnified when the condition 
is set to select multiple products. This study contributes to 
color combination research and provides new insights into the 
importance of product display order.
5 - The Power of C2C Interactions: How Other 
Customers’ Responses to Online Reviews 
Affect Subsequent Customers’ Online 
Rating Behavior
Lu Wang, Tianjin University, Tianjin, China
Min Zhang, Li Yiwei, Sun Yuxuan
Online reviews have become an important information 
source for customers to make purchase decisions. However, 
as the number of reviews increases and fake reviews appear, 
consumers find it more difficult to sift through useful reviews 
and distinguish the authenticity of the information. In order 
to solve these problems and maximize customers’ utility, 
more and more platforms have been developing their 
online review systems that make C2C interactions available 
through other customers’ responses (OCRs). That is, other 
consumers can respond to existing online reviews after focal 
consumers post their own consumption experience. OCRs 
represent a unique touchpoint by which customers interact 
with each other to get more information, which may also 
affect subsequent customers due to the public visibility. 
Therefore, this paper explores whether and how OCRs will 
affect subsequent customers’ rating behavior. This paper 
utilizes the review data of 1088 same restaurants on two 
major online platforms to conduct empirical studies. The 
fixed model and difference-in-differences (DID) identification 
strategy are used to estimate the effect of OCRs. The results 
show that the ratings of restaurants with OCRs significantly 
increase, and the consistency/inconsistency view of reviews 
and OCRs also significantly affect the subsequent customers’ 
rating behavior. The obtained new insights provide a new 
perspective for the platform design of online review systems 
and enterprise management reviews.
6 - How Perceived Personalities of Earlier 
Contributors Influence the Content 
Generation on Online Knowledge-
sharing Platforms
Yu Feng, Peking University, Beijing, China
Cong Wang, Qiaowei Shen
With the prevalence of online knowledge-sharing platforms, 
in which user management and content creation are the 
central issues to platform governance. Interactions take 
place through users’ linguistics, which is determined by the 
formation of the user’s perceived personality in the eyes of 
others. To understand the impact of perceived personality on 
online discussions, a representation method that combines 
natural language processing method and unsupervised 
learning is developed to extract contributors’ perceived 
personalities based on the contents they generated on the 
platform, which is further validated by a lab experiment. Using 
the algorithm, we obtain two set of personality perception, 
i.e., temporary and average personality perception, using 
the first reply and contributor’s past comments respectively. 
Our results reveal that starter’s perceived conscientiousness 
increases the final participation size, extend discussion time, 
and decreases later new content generation of the question; 
starter’s perceived openness decreases the total discussion 
size and new content production, yet fasten the discussion 
pace. Starters high in conscientiousness or openness are 
perceived as more persuasive, thus impede other’s motivation 
to contribute new knowledge. The choice of whether 
to participate in discussion is determined by perceived 
role of starters, as a starter high in conscientiousness is 
perceived as a dependent and reliable cooperator which 
attract others to join the discussion, while a starter high in 
openness is perceived as an intelligent leader or decision 
maker which discourage other’s engagement. We also find 
a differential effect of temporary and average personality 
perception for different group type. When the question 
belongs to a group with KOL, starters’ average personality 
perception will play a more important role than their 
temporary personality perception. The relative importance 
reverse in a group without KOL. Our method and empirical 
analysis can provide insights into the governance of online 
knowledge-sharing platforms.
7 - Don’t Need All Eggs in One Basket: 
Reconstructing Composite Embeddings 
of Customers From Individual-domain 
Embeddings
Pan Li, New York University, New York, NY
Moshe Unger, Shahana Sen, Alexander Tuzhilin
Although building a 360-degree comprehensive view of a 
customer has been a long-standing goal in marketing, this 
challenge has not been successfully addressed in many 
marketing applications because fractured customer data 
stored across different silos are hard to integrate under 
one roof due to platform-related technical problems and 
breaching of privacy norms around customer information. 
To this end, we propose a Deep Learning-based method, 
theoretically grounded in Kolmogorov’s Mapping 
Neural Network Existence Theorem, to integrate several 
product or domain-specific partial customer views into 
one consolidated or composite customer profile, where 
we need to securely access domain-specific or siloed 
customer data only once for building the initial customer 
embeddings. We conduct extensive studies on two industrial 
applications to demonstrate that our method effectively 
reconstructs stable composite customer embeddings 
that constitute strong approximations of the ground-truth 
composite embeddings obtained from integrating the 
siloed raw customer data. Moreover, we show that these 
privacy-preserving reconstructed composite embeddings 
significantly outperform partial embeddings while providing 
recommendations for new domains, and outperform state-of-
the-art baselines in the consumer response prediction tasks.
8 - An Analysis of Activating Communication on 
Website Between Users by the Propensity 
Score Considering the Heterogeneity of the 
Questioner
Maika Sasaki, University of Tsukuba, Tokyo, Japan
Keisuke Ishibashi, Ozaki Koken
We analyzed how the reactions of other users to the behavior 
of one user affect the re-behavior of the same user on 
an online website, which belongs to C to C interaction. 
Specifically, using the data from the Question and Answer 
website for parents raising children, we analyzed what 
kind of answers to the questions to activate the website 
would make it easier for the same questioner to ask the 
next question in a short period of time. The answer to the 
question is regarded as a treatment, and the effect on the 
time until the next question is analyzed for each treatment - a 
quick answer, a good answer and a long sentence answer. 
By aligning the covariates such as the attributes of the 
questioner between the treatment group and the control 
group, we used the propensity score and excluded the 
effects of differences in covariates from the effects of the 
treatment. Although the propensity score has the problem 
that the unobserved covariates could not be balanced, but 
in this study, by incorporating different random intercepts 
for each questioner into the propensity score calculation 
model, we could balance the heterogeneity of unobserved 
questioners. As a result of the analysis, if the questioner is the 
first answer to the question and the answer is a good answer, 
the time until the next question by the same questioner is 
shortened. The finding has important implications for firms 
operating online website that want to better examine how to 
activate the website.
9 - Product-line Design with Consumer 
Habit Formation
Dawei Jian, University of California-Riverside, 
Riverside, CA
Consumers’ repeated purchasing behavior prompts them 
to form a habit. How should the firm design the product 
line? We study a new product line design problem, where 
the consumer’s private valuation fluctuates endogenously 
over time as driven by consumer habit formation. By leaving 
the consumer a stake in the future, the optimal prices 
resemble the advance selling and price discount structure 
to prevent the well-known cannibalization problem. The firm 
should design the product line quality to internalize both 
contemporaneous externalities caused by cannibalization 
and intertemporal externalities due to habit formation. 
The optimal quality characterizes two effects of consumer 
habit. Despite the direct welfare effect that increases future 
surplus, habit formation exhibits indirect strategic effect: by 
changing future consumer heterogeneity, habit formation can 
either exacerbate or alleviate the cannibalization problem, 
depending on whether the formation process is strong or 
weak. We also provide practical implications to guide the 
practice. First, we identify reasons why firms should consider 
valuation endogeneity when selling the goods: it can 
leverage consumer uncertainty, exploit consumer habits, and 
homogenize consumer preferences. Understanding these 
economic forces can help avoid the pitfalls in product-line 
design. Second, we discuss when promotions fail to benefit 
the firm, and provide the firm to carefully promote: either 
low-end consumers have sufficient mass, or habit formation is 
sufficiently weak, excessive promotions can hurt the firm.
10- How Does Bundling Affect Consumer 
Evaluation of Co-branded Services?
Chia-Lin Lee, Taiwan Tech, Taipei, Taiwan
One important parameter for defining various types of co-
branded services involves the level of integration, that is, how 
closely two brands are linked in form and function. Previous 
studies have shown that when two brands are combined, 
their values influence each other only at a higher integration 
level. However, extant research in this field totally neglects 
whether consumers deem the offerings of brands to be a 
bundle—the bundling effect. The purpose of this paper is to 
bridge this critical gap. This study uses a mathematical model 
to illustrate our theory-driven proposition. Then, survey data 
are used to test the proposition empirically. The results show 
that, in the low-integrated co-branded services, the bundling 
effect makes the partnering brands a composite offering in 
which the perceived performance of one brand can affect 
that of the other. Consequently, the values of both brands can 
be mutually affected. To the best of the authors’ knowledge, 
this research is the first to identify the bundling effect in co-
branded services research.
11- The Heterogeneous Impact of Discount 
Coupons on Customer In-app Behaviors: 
Evidence from Field Experiment and 
Causal Forests
Miyeon Jung, University of Nevada, Las Vegas, NV
Seoungwoo Lee, Shiny Ahn, Daegon Cho
The majority of customers nowadays go through the purchase 
funnel entirely on mobile in many product categories, and 
a growing number of retailers deploy a mobile-first strategy 
that prioritizes serving them. This paper investigates the 
effectiveness of mobile coupons that may vary across the 
purchase funnel stages in which these mobile-only customers 
are located. The authors conducted a randomized field 
experiment with a major fashion retailer in Korea and found 
differential impacts of coupons across the funnel stages in 
a causal manner. They found that customers in the middle 
stage, who show a moderate level of interest in a product 
by putting it in a wishlist, respond positively to a coupon. A 
better coupon that offers a deeper discount makes customers 
in the early stages increase their purchase likelihood, but 
the better coupon has no impact in the late stage. Also, the 
authors measured the heterogeneous effects of the coupons 
within each funnel stage by utilizing the Causal Forest 
method with very detailed in-app behavior data. While certain 
degrees of heterogeneity exist in every stage of the funnel, 
the customers in the middle stage show the highest level 
of heterogeneity. Further, the authors identified customer 
behaviors associated with positive heterogeneous effects; 
specifically, they found that 1) adding and then removing a 
product from a wishlist and 2) searching a product on the 
app’s home screen are the customer behaviors positively 
associated with higher purchase likelihoods. The results 
and their simulation analysis indicate that retailers can 
substantially improve coupon effectiveness by individually 
targeting customers in the middle stage of the purchase 
funnel based on their past in-app behaviors.
12- The Role of Intertemporal Budget Constraint 
in Competitive Market for Non-durable 
Seasonal Goods
Shiyu Yang, Tongji University, Shanghai, China
Ye Qiu
Recent studies suggest that it is common for consumers, 
especially Gen Z, to delay purchasing behavior due to 
revolving credit card debt. Thus, intertemporal budget 
constraint should be an important factor while modeling 
consumers purchasing behavior. This study developed a 
two-period model to investigate the outcome of the price 
competition between two firms sealing non-durable seasonal 
goods to strategic consumers. We captured two dimensions 
of competition: firms competing with its rival and firms 
competing with its future self. We find out that under certain 
conditions, competition will be reduced after introducing a 
rival into the Coase framework. This is because that firms’ 
responses in the second period induced by price reduction 
of the focal firm in the first period make consumers prefer to 
buy its enemy’s product at full price. This leads to a smaller 
demand increase in the first period of the focal firm compare 
to what happened in the monopoly case. We also established 
that the emergence of BNPL (buy now pay later) which relaxes 
consumers budget constraints can improve the social welfare 
by reduce the product price and sometimes increase market 
coverage. Moreover, both firms and consumers benefit from 
BNPL in equilibrium.
14- Understanding Impact of Ad Length 
on Campaign Performance with 
Amazon Audio Ads
Alyson Sprague, Amazon, San Francisco, CA
Luba Smolensky
We seek to understand the impact of ad length on Amazon 
audio ad campaign performance, and provide ad length 
recommendations based on a brand’s campaign goals. We 
measured four KPIs to achieve this objective using both 1P 
Amazon retail metrics and 3P brand lift metrics. For instance, 
we reviewed ad length impact on ad recall, reported brand 
favorability, and reported consideration using third-party 
brand lift insights. Furthermore, we analyzed Amazon 
detail page view rate to evaluate brand consideration for 
brands that sell products on Amazon. We also controlled 
for campaign length and frequency to ensure performance 
was influenced mostly by ad length and not other campaign 
factors. This research identified three data-backed 
recommendations to help determine the right ad length 
for advertiser’s Amazon Ads audio campaigns. First, we’ve 
found in our study that ad length did impact performance. 
We recommend brands use these insights to plan their 
Amazon Ads audio campaign, selecting the ad length most 
appropriate for their campaign goal. Second, we recommend 
brands aiming to improve upper-funnel metrics use shorter 
ad lengths (:10-:20seconds), as these ad lengths tended to 
work better in these metrics. Lastly, we recommend brands 
aiming to improve mid-funnel metrics use longer audio ads 
(:21-:30seconds), as these ad lengths tended to work better in 
driving DPVR and reported consideration.
15- Influencing the Influencer with Consumer Bias
Luying Wang, Tianjin University, Tianjin, China
Yunchuan Liu
We study the effects of consumer bias on marketer 
engagement in word of mouth. Influencer posts product 
review to followers of different beliefs and allows sponsorship 
from marketer for product promotion. We set up a game 
theory model to formulate the interaction between firm and 
influencer. We also use Bayesian persuasion with multiple 
receivers to model the effect of influencer’s product review 
on consumers’ belief updating. Our results suggest that 
consumer heterogeneity plays an important role in marketer’s 
engagement in influencing marketing on sponsorship 
volume and product sales. Improved marketing efficiency is 
achieved through the endogeny of consumer prior belief from 
homogeneity to heterogeneity. A marketer may strategically 
target consumer segments based on consumer bias on 
prior belief through announcing sponsorship disclosure 
extent in influencer’s review. Interestingly, marketer partially 
sponsors influencer is optimal even if consumer’s prior belief 
is at a high level and marketer partially sponsors influencer 
is optimal even though consumer’s prior belief is at a low 
level. Sometimes even consumer’s belief shows a positive 
bias on product, the marketer may still be hurt from a higher 
sponsorship to increase influencer’s incentive to post review. 
Counter intuitively, we find sometimes consumer’s positive 
bias may hurt the firm but benefit consumers even the actual 
product fit isn’t high enough.
16- Understanding and Improving Fairness-
accuracy Trade-offs in Multi-task Learning
Yuyan Wang, Google Research, Mountain View, CA
Xuezhi Wang, Alex Beutel, Flavien Prost, Jilin 
Chen, Ed H. Chi
As multi-task models gain popularity in a wider range of 
machine learning applications, it is becoming increasingly 
important for practitioners to understand the fairness 
implications associated with those models. Most existing 
fairness literature focuses on learning a single task more 
fairly, while how ML fairness interacts with multiple tasks in 
the joint learning setting is largely under-explored. In this 
paper, we are concerned with how group fairness (e.g., equal 
opportunity, equalized odds) as an ML fairness concept 
plays out in the multi-task scenario. In multi-task learning, 
several tasks are learned jointly to exploit task correlations 
for a more efficient inductive transfer. This presents a multi-
dimensional Pareto frontier on (1) the trade-off between 
group fairness and accuracy with respect to each task, as well 
as (2) the trade-offs across multiple tasks. We aim to provide 
a deeper understanding on how group fairness interacts with 
accuracy in multi-task learning, and we show that traditional 
approaches that mainly focus on optimizing the Pareto 
frontier of multi-task accuracy might not perform well on 
fairness goals. We propose a new set of metrics to better 
capture the multi-dimensional Pareto frontier of fairness-
accuracy trade-offs uniquely presented in a multi-task learning 
setting. We further propose a Multi-Task-Aware Fairness 
(MTA-F) approach to improve fairness in multi-task learning. 
Experiments on several real-world datasets demonstrate the 
effectiveness of our proposed approach.
17- Sponsored Advertising Bid Management 
Tools in Online Marketplace
Wenxiao Yang, University of Illinois, Champaign, IL
Yunchuan Liu
In this paper, we investigate the strategic role of bid 
management tools provided by platforms in online 
marketplaces. Bid management tools (for example, broad 
match, automatic and flexible bidding) are provided by 
platforms to help advertisers bid for sponsored advertising 
slots. Previous research has focused on the role of these 
tools in reducing advertisers’ management costs and 
varying advertisers’ bids; tools with lower accuracy than 
advertisers’ self-management accuracy are typically 
provided to increase profits in search engines. However, the 
effects of these tools change in online marketplaces. We 
develop a game-theoretical model of a platform and two 
competing sellers. Despite the roles studied previously, bid 
management tools can also help match sellers with their 
target consumers, benefiting both sellers and the platform. 
In contrast to previous research, tools with higher accuracy 
than advertisers’ self-management accuracy can be provided 
in some situations. Since the platform generates revenue 
through sponsored advertising’s auction payments and sales 
commissions on products sold by sellers, higher tool accuracy 
can increase profit by higher commission but lower auction 
payment. Surprisingly, we find that a higher commission rate 
doesn’t always correspond to higher optimal tool accuracy. In 
some cases, the platform with a lower commission rate would 
set higher tool accuracy because of the effect of attracting 
sellers into auctions.
18- The In-Store Experience Induces Price 
Primacy Amongst Online Shoppers
Nicolette Sullivan, The London School of Economics and 
Political Science, London, United Kingdom
Ling-Ling Zhou, Gavan Fitzsimons
Physical stores often offer a website or app as an alternative, 
and we know little about how information search differs 
- especially if these experiences occur in sequence or 
simultaneously. However, changes to information search, 
such as the order of information acquisition or time dwelt on 
specific attributes, have a large influence on choice. Here, 
participants shopped for haptic products such as carpets, and 
experienced an online or in-store experience first, or both 
simultaneously. The online experience allowed participants 
to view product information by hovering over attribute (e.g., 
price) with a mouse cursor. The in-store experience allowed 
participants to touch and hold the products and view the 
price. Participants then ranked the products and were told, 
without deception, that one participant would receive their 
highest-ranked option installed in their home. We found that 
participants viewed price first and for longer when the in-store 
experience came first, and induced more transitions from 
price to brand information, and fewer transitions between 
haptic or quality information such as ratings and material, 
compared to performing the online experience first. By 
contrast, when able to view online information while holding 
the products, participants viewed price less. A condition in 
which only online information was available induced more 
gaze to quality information such as reviews. Together, this 
indicates that the order in which each shopping context is 
experienced alters the order of information acquisition.
19- Have I Seen You Before? Measuring The Value 
of Tracking for Digital Advertising
Grazia Cecere, Institut Mines-Telecom Business School, 
Evry, France
Sarah Lemaire
We investigate the effect of privacy protection rules on 
targeting efficiency and ad prices. We use a change in Apple’s 
privacy policy the App Tracking Transparency option, as 
a natural experiment. Introduced in Spring 2021, this new 
feature of the iOS 14 aims at providing smartphone users 
with more control over their data. It requires app developers 
to request explicit permission to track users beyond the app 
in use. However, this privacy policy is expected to reduce ad 
effectiveness on mobile devices. To assess the effect of the 
policy, we use an original database of estimated Facebook ad 
performances in the US market. We compare the outcomes 
of ad campaigns targeting iOS users versus Android users. 
The results suggest a reduction in targeting efficiency and ad 
prices for ads aimed at iOS users compared to Android users.
20- Reducing Discrimination with Information: 
Evidence from Online Labor Platforms
Ozge Demirci, University of Warwick, London, 
United Kingdom
Freelancing platforms have gained enormous popularity, 
connecting millions of employers and freelancers worldwide. 
These online labor markets enable workers worldwide to 
supply their labor globally by reducing transaction and 
search costs. Although online platforms reduce certain 
costs by making global labor markets more accessible, 
some information asymmetries also persist in these markets. 
Particularly when employers are from high-income countries, 
such informational frictions may disadvantage freelancers 
from developing countries relative to those from high-
income countries. As a result, freelancers in developing 
countries who compete in global online markets tend to 
face information asymmetries that lead them to accept less 
than optimal wages. In this paper, I study the wage gap 
between developing and developed countries’ freelancers 
in digital labor platforms and explain the mechanisms 
driving this gap. I have focused on one of the largest global 
freelancing platforms and created a unique panel dataset 
including over 100,000 freelancers and their labor market 
activities over a year. I find that freelancers from developing 
countries earn 34 percent less than those from developed 
countries after controlling for individual characteristics and 
cross-country pricing levels. However, the penalty on wages 
linked to the country of origin decreases as contractors 
provide more standardized information about their skills. 
For instance, higher levels of experience, higher reputation 
scores, providing information on educational background, or 
standardized test scores benefit freelancers’ from developing 
countries disproportionally more. This paper contributes to 
the growing literature of discrimination in online platforms 
by showing that having higher reputation scores or detailed 
profile descriptions can benefit freelancers from developing 
countries more and help to modify inaccurate beliefs 
about their quality.
21- Biased Recommendation with Superior 
Knowledge under Discrimination Compliance
Zibin Xu, City University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong
Michelle Lu
With superior consumer information, an intermediary 
platform such as Netflix or Amazon can customize 
recommendation to facilitate consumer preference learning 
and product matching. However, these platforms may 
have biased incentives to steer consumers into accepting 
recommendations with higher payoffs. This incentive leads 
to consumer suspicions of the platform’s potential abuse of 
superior information. In this proposal, we develop a game 
theoretical model to examine the strategic interactions 
between an intermediary seller with biased incentives 
and consumers with noisy prior of intrinsic match values. 
Our research questions focus on the profit and welfare 
implications under different compliance policies, which 
regard discrimination based on the consumers’ personal 
information, behavioural data, or intrinsic preference 
types. Our preliminary results suggest that it may be more 
profitable for the platform to refrain from using personal 
data in behavioural targeted recommendations, even though 
the additional information may improve the accuracy of 
identifying consumers’ intrinsic match values. In addition, 
the current data policy that requires the platform to reveal 
its collected behavioural data to consumers may harm the 
consumers by reducing the overall relevancy of equilibrium 
product recommendations.
22- Sharing Bike-sharing and Car-sharing? 
An Empirical Analysis
Yiqi Li, Ross School of Business, University of Michigan 
Ann Arbor, Ann Arbor, MI
Puneet Manchanda, Emanuel Schuster, Martin Spann
Bike-sharing and car-sharing are important components of the 
Sharing Economy. However, it is not clear whether these two 
are complements or substitutes. Using data from a company 
that offers both modes (though under different brands), 
we propose a Nested-Logit structural approach to analyze 
how nearby cars (bikes) affect bike (car) sharing demand at 
the station-level. Besides, we also examine the behavior 
of individuals who use both car-sharing and bike-sharing. 
The results show that more cars (bikes) reduce the bike (car) 
sharing demand nearby, especially for car-sharing. Overall, 
our results suggest that bike-sharing and car-sharing are 
substitutes to each other respect to the number of bookings.
23- Informational Components of the Social 
Spread of Digital Content
Bruce Dore, McGill University, Montreal, QC, Canada
Marketing research has identified correlates of the spread 
of digital content but has not yet identified patterns of text 
meaning that predict this spread with high accuracy. We used 
machine learning to develop a language-based signature 
of information sharing, trained on over 3 million messages 
from social media. Specifically, we apply a technique known 
as word embeddings to represent the meaning of social 
media posts. Next, we use these embedding vectors as 
input variables to a partial least squares model trained to 
predict sharing counts. This resulted in a linguistic signature 
of social sharing: a pattern of regression weights across 
semantic vectors. This signature predicted sharing with 
substantially higher accuracy than models drawn from prior 
theory, generalizing across content categories, publishers, 
and time. Signature expression was not highly predictive of 
excess message liking or commenting, suggesting that it is 
not an index of positive evaluation or general engagement, 
but specific to social transmission. The components of 
this signature spanned multiple psychological categories, 
including negative affect, temporal focus, social perspective, 
and perceptual processes, with no single category necessary 
or sufficient for the signature’s overall predictive efficacy. 
Finally, we show that contextualized, publisher-specific 
versions of the signature reach even higher accuracy than 
the generalizable ‘one-size-fits-all’ version, indicating that 
the content drivers of information sharing vary substantially 
by context. Overall, this work derives an interpretable 
text-analytic model of the sharing potential of information, 
providing a basis for new taxonomies of the content 
dimensions and social processes that drive the spread of 
information at scale.
24- Sponsored Search Auction and the Revenue-
maximizing Number of Ads Per Page
Pallavi Pal, Stevens Institute of Technology, Hoboken, NJ
In this paper, I derive a new method to identify the 
distribution of the advertiser’s ad-value in the sponsored 
search auction, explicitly looking at weighted Generalized 
Second Price auction. Compared to previous literature, this 
method incorporates a weaker and more realistic assumption 
of incomplete information. Additionally, I evaluate how much 
the advertisers shade their bid below their value, defined as 
bid shading amount. The results show that the bid shading is 
minimal; the 50th percentile of the bid shading upper bound 
is below 0.2% of their value. The low amount of bid shading 
is due to a high level of competition in the online ad market. 
Additionally, I apply the derived distribution to look at the 
effect of externality on the search engine’s revenue from ads. 
Firms use advertising as a medium to gain a competitive 
advantage, which is negatively affected if the ad appears 
alongside their rival’s ad -- a form of externality. I estimate 
a structural model based on a novel data set of Yahoo! ads 
to quantify the effect of externality on an advertiser’s value 
and then simulate the revenue-maximizing number of ads. 
I find that externality depends on the quality and quantity 
of competing ads. For example, in the laptop category, an 
advertiser’s willingness to pay decreases by thirty-two percent 
due to the addition of a second high-quality ad, but only by 
eleven percent due to a low-quality ad. Furthermore, the 
counterfactual results suggest that the revenue-maximizing 
number of ads per page differs across the ad product 
category, with five ads per page on average. Implementing 
the recommended number of ads would lead to, on average, 
a 4.5 percent increase in revenue. These results provide 
evidence supporting the recent changes in the online 
advertising market; for example, Microsoft introduced a 
service called RAIS that provides advertisers with an option of 
an exclusive ad display.
25- Understanding Influencer Advertising - 
A Machine Learning Approach
Hyunsang Son, The University of New Mexico, 
Albuquerque, NM
As consumers increasingly relying on peer-to-peer 
communications, influencer marketing, which uses the 
influencers- individuals who post to their social media 
accounts in exchange for compensation (Agrawal, 2016) is 
also frequently used. For example, 93% of marketers use 
influencer advertising (Fertik, 2020), and it is expected that 
the marketing budget for influencer advertising is expected 
to reach $15 billion by 2022 (Insider Intelligence, 2021). 
However, despite the exponential usage of these social 
media influencers, the effects of influencer advertising are 
still questionable by showing a median engagement rate per 
post is .08% on Facebook, .98% on Instagram, and .045% on 
Twitter (Feehan, 2021). Thus, this research aims to understand 
how different features influence the effectiveness of influencer 
advertising on Instagram to generate more engagement 
using cutting-edge machine learning techniques.
SD01
Virtual Room 01
Search: Theory and Evidence II
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Akhil Ilango
Universitat Pompeu Fabra, Barcelona, Spain
1 - A Micro-founded Model of Repeat Buying 
Based on Information Tracking
Wee Chaimanowong, The Chinese University of Hong 
Kong, Hong Kong
Tony Ke
A consumer incurs a constant flow cost to keep track of 
information on a firm’s new product, which updates her 
expected valuation according to a Brownian motion. The 
consumer’s purchase need follows a Poisson arrival over 
time, and upon an arrival, she decides whether to make a 
purchase or not. Moreover, at any time, she decides whether 
to keep tracking information or to drop out so as to maximize 
expected utility. We characterize the consumer’s optimal 
purchase and dropout decisions in closed form. We find that 
consumers who are about to drop out tend to purchase less 
frequently. Our model generates endogenous consumer 
loyalty due to survival bias---consumers who are alive are 
more likely to stay alive and continue to make purchases in 
the future. This is captured by a one-parameter formula for 
the individual-level retention rate that features an initial steep 
drop and an asymptotic slow decay at the rate of inverse 
square root of time. Moreover, we prove sub-exponential 
distribution of purchase instances and provide closed-form 
formula for the firm’s expected revenue. We estimate the 
model numerically by two methods: random walk simulation 
and numerically solving a heat equation. A comprehensive 
study shows that after incorporating consumer heterogeneity 
in the need arrival rate, our model provides a similar level of 
fit and prediction accuracy compared with popular existing 
models such as Pareto/NBD and BG/NBD. For the study, 
consumers’ information tracking cost is estimated to be 
about $4.5 per annum.
2 - Sponsored Search
Akhil Ilango, Universitat Pompeu Fabra, Barcelona, Spain
How does online advertising affect consumer behaviour, 
product pricing and competition? To analyse this, I develop 
a theory of digital markets where an intermediary provides 
a platform for firms to advertise their product and where 
consumers need to engage in costly search if they want to 
learn about the product characteristics. The contributions 
of this paper are twofold. First, I show that when prices 
are observable prior to the costly product inspection, a 
more prominent (higher in the search order) firm charges a 
higher price and earns a higher revenue. Second, I augment 
this model by allowing the intermediary to determine 
endogenously the order in which products are displayed and 
the advertising commissions (per-click) to be paid, through an 
auction. I show that the pass-through from these commissions 
to product prices is higher for a less prominent firm, thus 
restricting its ability to compete using price. This asymmetry 
in equilibrium lowers competition, consumer surplus and total 
transactions in the product market. This result informs the 
ongoing policy discussion on the effect of dominant digital 
platforms on product market concentration.
SD04
Virtual Room 04
Understanding Team Work Performance
Special Sessions
Chair: Yan Xu
Virginia Tech, Blacksburg, VA
Co-Chair: Andrew Ching
Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, MD
1 - Collaborate to Compete: An Empirical 
Matching Game under Incomplete Information 
in Rank-order Tournaments
Chunhua Wu, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, 
BC, Canada
Yijun Chen, Tat Y Chan
This paper studies the collaboration of talents in rank-order 
tournaments. We use a structural matching model with 
unobserved transfers among participants to capture the 
differentiated incentives of participants behind collaborations, 
with specific focus on incorporating incomplete information 
and competition in the matching game. We estimate our 
model using data from a leading data science competition 
platform and recover the heterogeneous preferences of 
participants that determine whether and with whom they 
form teams. Using model parameters, we conduct policy 
experiments to investigate how the collaboration efficiency 
is affected by the incomplete information and competitive 
pressure on the platform. Our results provide implications on 
how firms could better align individual incentives to foster 
and improve collaborations.
2 - Estimating Worker Complementarity in Teams: 
Evidence from Real Estate Sales Teams
Yan Xu, Virginia Tech, Blacksburg, VA
Andrew Ching, Junhong Chu
Mantian Hu
This paper studies complementarity between heterogeneous 
sales agents when they work in teams. Using the sales records 
of a leading real estate company in China, we find evidence 
on heterogeneous levels of complementarity between 
different types of agents. We implement a finite mixture 
approach and specify a non-linear model of teamwork. 
Our model identification relies on being able to observe 
one agent works in different teams. We estimate agent 
complementarity and team production without imposing 
additional functional form restrictions. With our model 
estimates, we seek to evaluate different team formation 
algorithms’ impacts on the overall team performances.
3 - Peer Effects from Friends and Strangers: 
Evidence from Random Matchmaking in an 
Online Game
Daniel Goetz, University of Toronto, Toronto, ON, Canada
Wei Lu
In this paper, we quantify the relative strength of social 
interaction (peer) effects from friends versus peer effects from 
strangers on consumers’ product adoption decisions. We 
use a rich panel of data on in-app purchases and match play 
histories from an online game, where we leverage the game’s 
quasi-random assignment of teammates and opponents 
to identify the causal effect of observed adoptions on 
purchasing. We find that adoptions by friends and strangers 
on the same team as the focal player have positive effects 
on focal consumers’ adoptions; that the marginal peer 
effect from friends is nearly twice as large as the effect from 
strangers; and that the cumulative peer effect from strangers 
is almost as large as the effect from friends given the higher 
volume of interactions with strangers. The evidence supports 
that peer effects operate by increasing awareness of the 
product. We discuss the managerial implications for optimal 
product seeding and team formation in this context.
4 - Goodbye My Friends and Goodbye My 
Career: Evidence from the Movie Industry
Xinlong Li, Nanyang Technological University, 
Singapore, Singapore
Andrew Ching
When managers need to put together a team, does referral/
information spillover via candidates’ network matter? This is 
a challenging empirical question because one’s network is 
endogenous and a function of his/her ability. By analyzing 
over 180,000 professional teams in the movie industry 
(actors, directors, and producers) spanning 20 years, we 
provide evidence that network connections play a potentially 
important role in affecting actor’s likelihood to be hired. 
Our identification strategy relies on the exogeneous death 
happened to some producers and directors, and its impact on 
the actors/actresses who are connected with them. Following 
the death of a producer/director, we find that, on average, 
actors/actresses who have worked with him/her before have 
a 6.95% decline in their future acting opportunities. The 
results are robust for quality-adjusted movies. By examining 
the interactions of the treatment effect with actor, producer 
and director characteristics, we consider several plausible 
mechanisms that might explain this finding. Our results 
indicate that referral/information spillover is the most likely 
driving force. We also find that more experienced actors/
actresses are less affected by the loss of connections, 
and actresses suffer more from these death shocks than 
their male counterparts.
SD05
Virtual Room 05
Platforms III
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Xiaofeng Liu
UC San Diego, La Jolla, CA
1 - Name Stereotyping in the Gig Economy
Dalal Ahmad, Kuwait University, Shedadiah, Kuwait
The emergence of the Internet as a tool in the hiring process 
for gig workers has shifted the job market paradigm. 
Many observers have welcomed the advent of online labor 
platforms as a way for workers to gain fairer access to job 
opportunities, and achieve wage equality. Workers, they 
assumed, would be free to compete for gigs around the 
world based solely on their qualifications rather than their 
locations, race, gender, and other non-productivity-based 
characteristics. In this research, we look at the effect of 
workers’ stereotypical names on pay disparity using data 
collected from an online hiring platform. We use propensity 
score matching to provide covariate balance for workers 
having stereotypical and non-stereotypical names. We also 
discuss the managerial implications, and provide insights for 
pay discrepancy in the gig economy.
2 - Monitoring Disintermediation in Peer-to-
peer Markets
Yingkang Xie, Northwestern University, Evanston, IL
Jingyi Wang, Huaiyu Zhu
Disintermediation is a challenge for two-sided markets: 
trading partners who find each other on a platform can 
coordinate offline to cut out the middleman, resulting in 
missing data and revenue leakage for the platform. Both 
practitioners and researchers need good detection methods 
to uncover the extent of disintermediation and its causes.
We demonstrate how to use text, geolocation, and fee 
experiments to identify disintermediation using novel data 
from an on-demand logistics platform. Cheaters may face 
a higher cost of covering up their tracks than hiding their 
intentions with words. Tracing drivers’ GPS footprints near the 
shipping addresses of canceled trips can recover almost 95% 
of disintermediated transactions. In contrast, the standard 
industry practice of scanning conversations between trading 
partners recalls only half of the cases. While text data provides 
rich information about cheaters’ motivations, firms that rely 
only on text mining could significantly underestimate their 
revenue leakage and thus fail to make informed decisions 
on pricing and product design. We further validate the GPS 
measurement using the behavioral changes triggered by 
an experimental variation in commission fees. Our work 
provides strategies for platforms to check whether they 
become showrooms for search and matching when minimum 
advertised pricing (MAP) monitoring and enforcement is not 
possible in peer-to-peer markets.
3 - Token Incentives and Platform Competition: A 
Tale of Two Swaps
Xiaofeng Liu, University of California-San Diego, 
La Jolla, CA
Wei Chen, Kevin Zhu
For each two-sided platform, how to grow in the competition 
with other platforms is an essential question. In this paper, 
we study impacts of token incentives, an alternative incentive 
approach, in the competition of two decentralized exchange 
platforms. Decentralized exchanges rely on liquidity providers 
to supply liquidity that facilitates the exchange transactions 
from the demand side, which makes the amount of liquidity 
supply the key to platform success. The entrant platform, 
Sushiswap, launched token incentives to attract liquidity 
providers from the incumbent, Uniswap, who then also 
retaliated with its own token incentives. Our empirical analysis 
shows that Uniswap’s own token incentives attract more 
liquidity to the platform. Surprisingly, we find that the token 
incentives from the competitor, Sushiswap, also bring more 
liquidity to the incumbent. Furthermore, large pools benefit 
more from this positive spillover. Meanwhile, the incumbent’s 
token incentives do not seem to have a significant impact 
on the entrant. For the potential mechanisms, we find that 
increased liquidity is mainly from the increased number of 
new liquidity providers, which may be driven by information 
diffusion and increased awareness from the competitor’s 
incentives programs. Our results provide important insights 
and practical guidelines on the design of token incentives in 
platform competition.
SD06
Virtual Room 06
Machine Learning and Personalization II
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Yuting Zhu
Massachusetts Institute of Technology, 
Cambridge, MA
1 - A Sample Size Calculation for Training and 
Certifying Targeting Policies
Spyros Zoumpoulis, INSEAD, Fontainebleau, France
Duncan I Simester, Artem Timoshenko
There is a long history of firms using experiments to measure 
ATEs and choose uniform policies. When designing these 
experiments, firms often use a power calculation to select the 
sample size. Now that firms are shifting attention to targeting 
policies, a new question arises: what is a sufficient sample 
size for training a targeting policy and certifying it compared 
to a benchmark policy? We propose efficient algorithms for 
calculating the minimum sample size required to train and 
certify a targeting policy. We consider two approaches that 
firms may want to use to compare a targeting policy with a 
benchmark policy. The first approach calculates the training 
sample size required so that the expected profit improvement 
of the targeting policy over the benchmark policy exceeds 
a specified fixed threshold. The second approach calculates 
the training and certification sample sizes required so that 
the expected profit improvement of the targeting policy over 
the benchmark policy exceeds a threshold determined by a 
statistical significance test, with desired power and confidence 
levels. For both approaches, we characterize the optimization 
problem that yields the minimum sample sizes, and provide 
efficient and practically implementable algorithms for solving 
it. The proposed procedures are easily applied once the 
relevant data is obtained, and the sample size calculations are 
easily scaled to any number of segments or any benchmark 
policy. We illustrate how to implement the proposed 
procedures using data from an actual field experiment, and 
we validate the procedures by comparing the sample sizes 
they recommend with the actual sample sizes required when 
implementing a range of different estimators. The findings 
indicate that the proposed algorithms provide reasonable 
estimates of the amount of data required to train and certify 
a targeting policy. They also reveal that the amount of data 
required to train and certify a targeting policy may be a lot 
less than the amount of data required to choose and certify 
the optimal uniform policy.
2 - Don’t Need All Eggs in One Basket: 
Reconstructing Composite Embeddings 
of Customers from Individual-domain 
Embeddings
Pan Li, NYU, New York, NY
Moshe Unger, Sahana Sen, Alexander Tuzhilin
Although building a 360-degree comprehensive view of a 
customer has been a long-standing goal in marketing, this 
challenge has not been successfully addressed in many 
marketing applications because fractured customer data 
stored across different silos are hard to integrate under 
one roof due to platform-related technical problems and 
breaching of privacy norms around customer information. 
To this end, we propose a Deep Learning-based method, 
theoretically grounded in Kolmogorov’s Mapping 
Neural Network Existence Theorem, to integrate several 
product or domain-specific partial customer views into 
one consolidated or composite customer profile, where 
we need to securely access domain-specific or siloed 
customer data only once for building the initial customer 
embeddings. We conduct extensive studies on two industrial 
applications to demonstrate that our method effectively 
reconstructs stable composite customer embeddings 
that constitute strong approximations of the ground-truth 
composite embeddings obtained from integrating the 
siloed raw customer data. Moreover, we show that these 
privacy-preserving reconstructed composite embeddings 
significantly outperform partial embeddings while providing 
recommendations for new domains, and outperform state-of-
the-art baselines in the consumer response prediction tasks.
3 - Training Personalization Policies for Large 
Audiences with Constraints
Yuting Zhu, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, 
Cambridge, MA
Haihao Lu, Duncan I Simester
Personalization, which aims to target different marketing 
actions to different customers, has attracted broad attention 
in both academia and industry. While most research 
has focused on training personalization policies without 
constraints, many firms face constraints when training these 
policies. These constraints can introduce difficult optimization 
challenges, particularly when the firm intends to implement 
the policies with large samples of customers. Traditional 
optimization methods are often unable to overcome these 
challenges. We show how recent advances in solving 
large-scale linear programming problems can be applied, 
and provide theoretical guarantees on both optimality and 
computation speed. Using a large-scale field experiment, we 
empirically show the advantages of our methods for different 
customer sizes, and different types of business constraints.
SD07
Virtual Room 07
Digital Marketing Applications
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Ugurcan Dündar
WU Vienna, Vienna, Austria
1 - Dynamics of Online Creators’ Engagement 
States and Content Contribution: Evidence 
from Online Literature Markets
Shibo Li, John R. Gibbs Professor of Marketing, Indiana 
University Bloomington, Bloomington, IN
Amy Wenxuan Ding
Individuals are increasingly becoming creators of user-
generated content. However, little is known about such 
creators’ unobserved engagement states and their dynamic 
contribution behavior. This paper presents a dynamic 
structural model with a hidden Markov process to uncover 
the mechanisms of creators’ content contribution decisions 
(whether and what to contribute) and their dynamics and 
consequences. Using online literary markets as the context, 
we show that a creator often exhibits multiple engagement 
states over the course of producing one serial product. 
We find that the impact of various intrinsic and extrinsic 
incentives on content contribution depends on the content 
creator’s engagement states. A creator is likely to start in 
the high engagement state but is more likely to stay longer 
in the medium state. Over time, a creator’s probability of 
remaining in the medium state increases. The cost of content 
contribution is the highest in the low engagement state 
and the lowest in the medium state. Significant creator and 
product heterogeneity exist in the creator’s engagement 
states and optimal contribution decisions. Our study provides 
important theoretical and actionable managerial implications 
for marketing researchers, site managers and average 
individuals as content creators.
2 - Grow Your Brands on Amazon: An Ml 
Approach to Prioritizing Your Marketing KPIs
Alexander J Bruening, Applied Scientist, Amazon, New 
York City, NY
Xiaogan Mao, Shao-Wen Yang, Oded Netzer, 
Koen Pauwels
Faced with a growing arsenal of media mix tactics, brands 
are overwhelmed by what can be done, while left wondering 
where to start to grow their businesses. Brands want to know 
which KPIs they should focus on to grow their brands to the 
next level. We propose a method to prioritizing marketing 
key performance indicators (KPIs). Our proposed method is 
tailor KPI prioritization toward each and every brand, and is 
scalable in space and time. We utilize this method to deliver 
recommendations to help brands on Amazon prioritize 
KPIs. Without loss of generality, we categorize brands into 
disjoint stages of tail, challenger and top with monotonically 
increased sale bands. We identify a universal set of brand-
level metrics as candidate KPIs, and train Random Forest (RF) 
models to distinguish brand stages using these candidate 
KPIs as explanatory variables. We use Shapley Additive 
exPlanations (SHAP) to rank the candidate KPIs for each brand 
to prioritize KPIs in moving brands from tail to challenger, 
or from challenger to top stages. We evaluate the stage 
prediction quantitatively, and the KPI suggestions qualitatively 
with case studies. We show that our discriminative method 
using RF and SHAP outperforms the alternate generative 
models in terms of stage prediction accuracy based on KPIs. 
We validate our method using 22-month data for 26,369 
brands in the select four categories. In addition to accuracy, 
we show that our model is scalable, taking only 250ms to train 
an RF model for all brands in a category, while calculating a 
SHAP value per KPI for each brand takes about 7 minutes. 
Our case studies showing that brands at different times 
should prioritize different KPIs, such as time on product 
page, search rank and conversion rate, are in line with our 
subjective expectations.
3 - Pacing in Real-time Bidding for Online 
Display Advertising 
Ugurcan Dündar, WU Vienna, Vienna, Austria
Nadia Abou Nabout, Bernd Skiera
Real-time bidding (RTB) is the main ad-selling mechanism 
in online display advertising. In RTB, publishers auction off 
their display ad slots for an incoming ad impression through 
platforms called ad exchanges. Advertisers bid in these 
auctions to show their ad to the user visiting the publisher’s 
site. When setting up RTB campaigns, advertisers need to 
decide on how to allocate their budget over a day, which they 
refer to as pacing. In this paper, we analyze the profitability of 
two pacing heuristics. We benchmark them against profit-
maximizing pacing, which, by definition, achieves higher 
profits than the two pacing heuristics. Yet, advertisers might 
refrain from using profit-maximizing pacing because it may be 
difficult to implement and requires accurate prediction of the 
number of auctions, the winrate as well as clickthrough and 
conversion rates on an hourly basis. To this end, we conduct 
two analyses: In a counterfactual analysis, we compare the 
profitability of these pacing heuristics in three datasets from 
actual RTB campaigns. Because the forecasting error in this 
analysis depends on our predictions of the above metrics, we 
run a simulation study to understand when a specific pacing 
heuristic performs best by varying the forecasting error 
on those predictions.
SD09
Virtual Room 09
Advertising II
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Alicja Grzadziel
Wirtschaftsuniversität Wien, Vienna, Austria
1 - Auctions of Auctions
Robert Zeithammer, UCLA Anderson, Los Angeles, CA
The real-time market for online advertising impressions 
is facilitated by several layers of intermediaries between 
the advertisers buying the impressions and the publishers 
selling them. For every potential advertising impression, 
online publishers run first-price header auctions to decide 
which advertising exchange gets to show an ad, and how 
much should the selected exchange pay. We analyzed 
a stylized model of two symmetric exchanges, each 
exclusively representing two advertisers. Each exchange 
holds and internal first-price auction to determine which 
of the advertisers it represents should advance to the 
header auction. Instead of passing the winning advertiser’s 
internal bid through passively, the exchange maximizes its 
own expected revenue by shading its winning advertiser’s 
bid when it bids on behalf of the advertiser in the header 
auction. In addition, the exchanges can set reserve prices to 
further increase their revenue. We characterize the optimal 
commission and reserve strategies of the exchanges.
2 - Geo-targeted Mobile Advertising for Small 
Businesses
Mingyu (Max) Joo, Assistant Professor of Marketing, 
University of California-Riverside, Riverside, CA
Inyoung Chae Jx Alex J Kim
Mobile ad spends in the U.S. have drastically increased 
from $1.6B in 2011 to $288.1B in 2021, and are projected to 
surpass $400B in 2024. Large mobile platforms, such as Meta 
(Facebook/Instagram) and Google, constantly promote their 
geographically targeted mobile ads as an efficient marketing 
tool for local businesses. Many small businesses have limited 
marketing resources and budget, and rely on the local foot 
traffic. Therefore, geo-targeted mobile advertising may 
selectively attract relevant prospective consumers who live 
or work nearby at lower ad costs. Despite the rapid growth, 
there is little guidance for small business owners on whether 
geo-targeted mobile ads actually lift their mobile and web 
traffic, and how the ad effects vary by business categories 
(e.g., restaurants and hair saloons), store reputations (i.e., 
franchise vs. independent), and distances from target 
locations. To answer these questions, this paper investigates a 
large-scale field study of geo-targeted mobile ads conducted 
from July 2019 to December 2020 in Seoul, South Korea, 
a megacity covering an area of 146K acres with nearly 
10 billion population.
3 - Influencing the Influencer with Consumer Bias
Luying Wang, Tianjin University, Tianjin, China
Yunchuan Liu
We study the effects of consumer bias on marketer 
engagement in word of mouth. Influencer posts product 
review to followers of different beliefs and allows sponsorship 
from marketer for product promotion. We set up a game 
theory model to formulate the interaction between firm and 
influencer. We also use Bayesian persuasion with multiple 
receivers to model the effect of influencer’s product review 
on consumers’ belief updating. Our results suggest that 
consumer heterogeneity plays an important role in marketer’s 
engagement in influencing marketing on sponsorship 
volume and product sales. Improved marketing efficiency is 
achieved through the endogeny of consumer prior belief from 
homogeneity to heterogeneity. A marketer may strategically 
target consumer segments based on consumer bias on 
prior belief through announcing sponsorship disclosure 
extent in influencer’s review. Interestingly, marketer partially 
sponsors influencer is optimal even if consumer’s prior belief 
is at a high level and marketer partially sponsors influencer 
is optimal even though consumer’s prior belief is at a low 
level. Sometimes even consumer’s belief shows a positive 
bias on product, the marketer may still be hurt from a higher 
sponsorship to increase influencer’s incentive to post review. 
Counter intuitively, we find sometimes consumer’s positive 
bias may hurt the firm but benefit consumers even the actual 
product fit isn’t high enough.
4 - Adverse Effects of TV Advertising on Online 
Shopping Behavior
Alicja Grzadziel, Vienna University of Economics and 
Business, Vienna, Austria
Nadia Abou Nabout, Martin Stange, Burkhardt Funk
Mobile devices have changed consumer behavior in various 
ways, also presenting new challenges and opportunities for 
TV advertising. Second screen usage is one phenomenon 
related to these challenges, and describes a situation in 
which consumers do not watch TV in isolation, but rather use 
a second screen (e.g., a laptop, tablet or a smartphone) to 
browse the Internet, search for products and services online, 
and make purchases while watching TV. The online shopping 
behavior of consumers who go to a shop’s website in response 
to a TV ad, versus the behavior of those that visit the shop 
for another reason (e.g., searching for a product using a 
search engine or clicking a newsletter link) is just starting to 
be investigated. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first 
large-scale empirical study to estimate the effects of everyday 
TV ads on online shopping behavior. We track customers’ 
visits and purchases for up to 90 days after their first visit, and 
examine the differences of behavior between non-TV-induced 
and TV-induced customers along the sales funnel. Since we, as 
researchers, cannot observe consumers in their living rooms, 
it is impossible for us to know whether a given visit to the 
online shop is a spontaneous reaction to a TV ad. Therefore, 
we develop a Bayesian model for the uplift in the number of 
visits to the online shop for every TV ad aired, which allows us 
to determine the probability of being TV-induced for every visit 
to the online shop. We then use this probability to analyze how 
it affects online shopping, including conversion probabilities, 
shopping basket sizes, repeat visits, and long-term customer 
spending. Our results show that a higher probability that a 
visit to the online shop was induced by a TV ad leads to a 
lower probability of a conversion, and when that conversion 
is made, to a lower shopping basket. In the 90 days after 
their first visit, customers whose first visit to the website was a 
spontaneous reaction to the TV ad, compared to customers 
who had been less likely to see the TV ad, make smaller and 
less frequent repeat purchases.
SD10
Virtual Room 10
Healthcare
Contributed Sessions
Chair: Jong Yeob Kim
NYU Stern School of Business, New York, NY
1 - The Provider Network Selection Problem in 
Health Insurance Markets
Amin Hosseininasab, University of Florida, Gainesville, FL
Willem-Jan van Hoeve, Sridhar R Tayur
Provider network selection is a central problem in health 
insurance markets. A provider network consists of healthcare 
providers that are contracted by an insurer to provide healthcare 
services at discounted prices to its insured patients. The problem 
involves selecting which providers to contract, how to group 
contracted providers into insurance plans, and how to price such 
plans in order to better target and acquire patients. We develop 
a novel methodology for optimal provider network selection 
that is theoretically guaranteed to provide an optimal solution. 
We further show empirically that our approach improves over 
methods used in the literature, and the strategies used by a 
real-world insurer in practice. We finally use the developed 
methodology to analyze the effects and benefits of optimal 
provider selection on insurer profits, healthcare costs, and social 
welfare under different data environments.
2 - Competition Between Branded vs. Generic 
Prescription Drugs: Theory and Evidence
Jung-Chae Suh, Korea University, Seoul, Korea, 
Republic of
Drawing on Rochet & Stole (2002), we developed a 
theoretical model of dynamic nature (i.e., the two period 
and multi-periods). In order to find the price and brand 
effects we used structural estimation with an ethical drug 
category before and after a dominant generic drug’s patent 
expiration. We also dealt with market definition issues in 
quantifying the consumer welfare effects of generics’ entry. 
Further, we ran a counterfactual analysis for quantifying 
the value of earlier or later patent expiration due to deals 
(or possibly called collusion) between the patented brand 
drug and (the first) generic drug. We suggested managerial 
and policy implications for law and economics (for 
regulators and legal experts).
3 - COVID-19, Physician Workload, and Quality 
of Healthcare
Eunho Park, California State University Long Beach, 
Long Beach, CA
Haipeng (Allan) Chen
The coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) has undermined 
the essential health care system. This study aims to 
examine how the surge in physicians’ workload due to the 
coronavirus influences the quality of health care service for 
non-COVID-19 patients.
4 - Health Insurance and the Dynamics of Patient 
Decision Making
Jong Yeob Kim, NYU Stern School of Business, 
New York, NY
Masakazu Ishihara Jx Vishal Singh
An aging population is considered to be a major factor in 
the rising of medical expenditures. Patients aged over 65 
years made up 16% of the population but accounted for 36% 
of all health care spending in the US [Centers for Medicare 
and Medicaid Services, 2016]. This article examines the 
impact of government insurance expansion for elderly care 
in the South Korean market. Our research design uses dental 
insurance expansions for elderly patients in South Korea 
to examine the patients’ hospital utilization and treatment 
choices as well as the dynamics of patient decision making. 
Our study uses two main data sets: a national public health 
survey and an unique, individual-level prescription data from 
a large university hospital in South Korea. We exploit the 
price variation in different forms of treatments (dentures vs. 
implants) to compare outcomes of patients just below the 
age threshold with those just meeting the age threshold. 
We then develop a dynamic structural patient life-cycle 
model to examine patients’ strategic delays of treatment 
and adoption of new technology (implants) under different 
dental insurance policies. Structural parameters are used to 
conduct a variety of counterfactuals that provide insights on 
hypothetical government insurance policies and their impact 
on patient decision making. We further illustrate how the age 
threshold can be used as an exclusion restriction to estimate 
discount factors in the dynamic structural model. Drawing on 
our findings, we discuss the implications of lowering the age 
threshold in other contexts, such as Medicare expansion. We 
also provide insights on adding dental benefits to Medicare, 
which has been recently proposed by the US Congress.
SD14
Virtual Room 14
Conjoint Analysis
Contributed Sessions
Chair: John McCoy
University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA
1 - Measuring Preferences for Hedonic 
Consumption
Hannah H. Chang, Singapore Management 
University, Singapore
Anirban Mukherjee
Many products are chosen, purchased, and used for hedonic 
consumption. Examples include watching a movie, listening to 
music, and getting a massage. We develop a novel consumer 
preference measurement method for hedonic experiences. 
In our method, participants are presented with, and choose 
between, verbally described experiences. To analyze 
participants’ choices, we develop a novel model that fuses 
state-of-the-art neural language processing with hierarchical 
Bayesian modeling. Our method and model facilitate (1) 
the measurement of consumer preferences for hedonic 
experiences, (2) the computation of the contribution of product 
attributes to consumers’ utility, and (3) the development of 
counterfactuals that are crucial to the management of hedonic 
experiences. We apply our method to study preferences for 
wines made in 427 wine-growing regions, in 44 wine-growing 
countries, from 708 wine-grape varietals. We show that our 
model provides superior in-sample description and generates 
better out-of-sample predictions of participant choices than 
benchmark models. We use the components of the model 
for marketing decisions such as choosing between products 
(wines) that provide distinct hedonic experiences but are 
observationally equivalent in product attributes and therefore 
indistinguishable in attribute-based models, and fine-tuning 
the experience provided by a product (wine) to improve its 
appeal to consumers.
2 - Two-for-one Conjoint: Bayesian Cross-category 
Learning for Shared Attribute Categories
John McCoy, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA
Rachele Ciulli, Eric T Bradlow
Conjoint analysis is an ubiquitous market research tool 
used to optimize new product design. As it is normally 
implemented, each time you wish to understand consumer 
utilities for a given product category, you run a conjoint 
study for that category. For example, if you wish to know 
consumer preferences for frozen yogurt features, you run a 
conjoint that uses choices between frozen yogurts. In this 
research, we propose a new conjoint methodology based 
on transfer learning where the researcher learns about a 
non-focal product category (e.g. frozen yogurt) by using the 
results of a conjoint study run on a related category (e.g. ice 
cream) or a conjoint that uses choices between a product in 
the focal category and a product in the non-focal category. 
We demonstrate our approach using three product category 
pairs (ice cream and frozen yogurt, jackets and bags, and 
TVs and computer monitors) where categories in a pair have 
overlapping features. We show how out-of-sample prediction 
accuracy is improved by using cross-category predictions (in a 
Bayesian fashion) with both no data and sparse data from the 
focal category. We demonstrate the effects of cross-category 
information on managerially relevant decisions.
